AS I rotated the aircraft and lifted off the aircraft started a roll to the right. I immediately corrected and kept wings level. I initially thought I had lost an engine as the roll was consistent with an engine loss but I did not have any adverse yaw. I checked ENGS and they were normal. I had no problem with controling the roll but it required about 5-6 units of left wing down aileron input to maintain wings level. at no time during this entire flight was there a problem with maintaining wings level so longitude as we maintained 5-6 units of left aileron trim. as we climbed out; the First Officer and I were analyzing the situation. the aircraft would trim out fine and could be flown 'hands off' with the 5-6 units of left wing down aileron yoke displacement. I did not use Auto-Pilot. we referred to the Quick Reference Handbook and used the rudder UNCOMMANDED yaw/roll checklist (this is for the rudder but was the closest checklist that pertained to this problem). we accomplished the items but nothing changed. all circuit breaker'S were in. we checked for fuel imbalance; but gauges checked good and read even. hydraulic pressures and quantities were normal. flaps were up and Light Emitting Diode lights were out. all indications in the cockpit were normal. I called the flight attendants asked them to look at the wing and to tell me what they saw. they RPTED the left wing spoilers were up slightly (3-6 inches) and the right wing was normal. we observed the left aileron was slightly up and the right one also seemed slightly up. left wing was consistent with the control column input; while the right wing was neither normal nor consistent with out input. we initiated contact with dispatch and had maintenance control on the call. we advised them as to our situation and asked for any suggestions. we had already accomplished their suggestions and maintenance duty told us they would have maintenance meet us in ZZZ. I requested dispatch bring up the chief pilot on duty. I advised him of our situation and suggested we divert to ZZZ1 (the closest field at this time). he concurred and the flight was diverted. we declared an emergency with Air Traffic Control. I informed the passenger of our situation telling them we were going to land in ZZZ1 as a precaution. I told the flight attendants to secure the cabin for a normal landing and told them not to prepare the cabin. I did not tell the passenger I had declared an emergency. we descended into ZZZ1. we slowed the aircraft slowly to ensure we had no CONTROLLABILITY problems. we configured early and slowly configured; stabilizing the aircraft at each flap setting. we flew a wide visual approach with Instrument Landing System backup. I flew a slightly fast final (+10 or so) as the aircraft was very stable at that speed. we landed normally. after we cleared the runway we canceled the emergency. after shutdown; maintenance told us a control cable had broken.callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that the aircraft'S CONTROLLABILITY was never in question; adding that the aircraft was a little slower turning than with both ailerons but safety of flight was not in question. on the ground RPTR could see a control cable hanging loose and was told by maintenance that it was the right aileron control cable.