HOW problem arose: I fly piper NAVAJOS. one aircraft was RPTED by another pilot to have an erratic attitude indicator. since this pilot also said the aircraft'S heater WASN't operating well; the conclusion was that the attitude indicator problem was cold related. we decided to extensively preheat the cabin; see if the attitude indicator functioned; and take the plane to FAI. on inspecting the cabin after this other pilot'S problems; I noted the heater temperature control was turned down. I checked weather for the flight to FAI; which showed Visual Flight Rules for departure from barrow; Instrument Flight Rules conditions over the brooks range en route; and Visual Flight Rules in FAI. Pilot Reports were not available; but the briefer said to expect to be between layers en route. I filed an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan along V444 from barrow (BRW) to bettles (BTT) to fairbanks (FAI). meanwhile; a ground heating unit was applied to the aircraft. after start; I noted the attitude indicator functioning perfectly and the heater putting out lots of heat. I activated my Instrument Flight Rules flight plan and departed BRW at XA30. about 20 minutes into the flight; I contacted FAI operations via radio telephone relay and informed my manager that the plane was functioning perfectly (attitude indicator and heater). I was told to return to barrow. I canceled my Instrument Flight Rules flight plan and did a 180 degree turn. 10 minutes later; operations called and told me to continue to FAI. since I'D been told that zan ISN't very tolerant of Instrument Flight Rules 'pop-up' clearance requests in the arctic coast area; and since I could see Visual Meteorological Conditions above the clouds Federal Aviation Regulation in front of me towards FAI (from 11500 feet Mean Sea Level); I elected to remain Visual Flight Rules and follow my Global Positioning System direct to FAI and pick up an Instrument Flight Rules descent. as I approached the brooks range; the cloud tops got higher. I climbed to 13500 feet Mean Sea Level planning to contact Flight Service Station and refile along V444; which was now to my right. ARAKTRUK pass RPTED 3/4 mile visibility and bettles was Visual Flight Rules; so I headed direct toward bettles and started trying to contact Flight Service Station. at about this time; my crew hatch; located directly to my left; blew open. since I was single pilot; I set the Auto-Pilot and started working to close the door. I felt it critical to secure this door -- with outside air temperature approximately 25 degree below zero; I was worried about losing the attitude indicator with night approaching. after several minutes of struggling; I got the door closed. it was then that I noticed the aircraft'S altitude had changed and showed a descent through 4500 feet. I immediately applied climb power and XCHKED my position which showed me S of the highest peaks; and leveled off at 7500 feet; which is safe in that area. I started feeling strange. subsequently; I discovered that I was at 17500 feet and had apparently misread my altimeter. when I thought I was descending through 4500 feet I was actually at 14500 feet. I am convinced HYPOXIA and the cold; coupled with my relative inexperience operating single pilot made dealing with the crew hatch problem even worse. fortunately; I was able to immediately descend; get the Auto-Pilot set up and get back on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan. the rest of the flight was uneventful. contributing factors: while discussing the crew hatch problem with maintenance; I was told the problem was longitude-standing. I have had the door pop after takeoff before and was always able to close it quickly with copilot'S help. I have never had one open in cruise before. the confusion with operations regarding returning to barrow was a factor; causing me to cancel Instrument Flight Rules flight plan which would have kept me at 11000 feet the whole way. my disinclination to contact zan to re-establish an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan was based on rumor. I will call and file as the situation dictates from now on. lastly; after a rash of cold weather related problems in barrow; I was anxious to fulfill the company'S expectations. phone discussions with the company'S general manager and president that day made it clear the plane had to get to FAI. although the flight marked the beginning of an 11 day vacation; I honestly don't think 'personal get THEREITIS' was a factor; as evidenced by my desire to take a functional plane 180 degree back to barrow. I think 'professional get THEREITIS' was a factor. corrective actions: the door; heater and attitude indicator are being thoroughly checked by maintenance. I have instructed other pilots not to try this flight Visual Flight Rules unless there are no adverse conditions en route. I have a much humbler attitude about what I can tackle single pilot than I did 24 hours ago. upon returning from vacation; I have an Instrument Flight Rules proficiency check scheduled and have asked my check airman for additional training. also; I've learned to put a bit less faith I the 'altitude hold' feature of Auto-Pilot.