A collision hazard exists and is caused by improper airspace management procedures. there is a high VOL of aircraft requesting Visual Flight Rules practice Inertial Navigation System approaches to a user-drawn Nondirectional Radio Beacon-like approach to a commercial radio station. this broadcast station beacon is located at a point approximately 5 Statute Mile E of PRC. these aircraft enter the traffic pattern at an angle and altitude that creates a high collision hazard with aircraft arriving and departing runway 21. runway 21 is the calm wind runway and is in use the majority of time. additionally; there are a large amount of aircraft requesting Visual Flight Rules practice approaches on the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range-a procedure to PRC. these aircraft are in conflict (opposite direction) with those making the approach from the E on the user drawn Nondirectional Radio Beacon-like procedure; particularly on the missed approach segment of the procedures. PRC tower is a non-radar Visual Flight Rules tower facility. the facility is already highly taxed with a large VOL of traffic. the tower is unable to provide any kind of meaningful traffic information to these aircraft. contributing factors: management has instructed the controllers at PRC tower to restrict the inbound traffic on the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range-a approach procedure to at or above 6500' Mean Sea Level; and the inbound traffic on the opposite side of the airport on the Nondirectional Radio Beacon-type approach to at or above 7000' Mean Sea Level. this is a very dangerous procedure as the traffic is not in level flight; but actually descending and climbing throughout the procedure--particularly the portion of the procedure that is within the actual time Of arrival. (note: the actual time Of arrival at love field extends up to approximately 8000' Mean Sea Level.) (see attached sheets.) the controllers can always deny the approach to the users; however they are under pressure both from management and peer pressure to approve this type of operation. additionally; most controllers at PRC are at their first facility; they follow instructions from seemingly more experienced peers and do not question management'S decisions and instructions--even though sometimes; as in this example; hazards are introduced into the system. corrective actions: notify users that the user-drawn Nondirectional Radio Beacon approach is no longer valid. suggest to users that they draw an approach somewhere that is outside of the actual time Of arrival. PRC has no Nondirectional Radio Beacon approach. it is not really necessary that a Nondirectional Radio Beacon approach terminate at an airport. this should have little impact on TRNING. management should be counseled that practice Inertial Navigation System approaches constitute a special hazard. at present the management of PRC tower states that these operations are 'just another way of entering the traffic pattern.' this is not true. during a practice Inertial Navigation System approach; the safety pilot'S view is restrict by the Pilot Flying wearing a view restricting device. many incidents have pointed to the need for extra precautions (reference Aeronautical Information Manual paragraph 244). additionally; these aircraft enter the traffic pattern at unsafe angles and altitudes.