AFTER lining up on runway 35; the tower changed our departure heading from 340 degree to a 'left turn to 280 degree; maintain 8000 feet Mean Sea Level.' my copilot (Pilot Flying) and I both set our Horizontal Situation Indicator'S to the new heading. after takeoff and approximately 800 feet above ground level; the Pilot Flying turned left to 280 degree; continuing the climb to 8000 feet Mean Sea Level. the initial climb rate was 2800 Feet Per Minute at 200 Knots. I contacted salt lake departure; and a few seconds later; while 'mentally' flowing through the climb checklist; the Pilot Flying suddenly initiated a moderate turn to the right and stated; 'he'S coming right at us.' simultaneously; the radar controller called our traffic at ? position and 9000 feet. at this time; I did not see the traffic nor did I have time to respond to the controller; but firmly commanded the Pilot Flying 'to return to a 280 degree heading and to watch the climb rate!' the Pilot Flying was apparently distracted by the traffic approaching from his 1 O'clock position and perceived it as a traffic conflict. I now saw the bright lights of the aircraft; hesitated briefly; and decided it was not a traffic conflict. the Pilot Flying had now turned to an approximately heading of 300 degree; when he started responding to my commands to turn back to the assigned heading. now; as the assigned altitude of 8000 feet Mean Sea Level was being reached; I emphatically called out 'altitude; altitude.' at approximately 8100 feet Mean Sea Level; with palms of both hands; I briskly forced the control yoke forward arresting the climb near an altitude of 8300 feet Mean Sea Level. the controller now entered the scenario requesting our heading and altitude. I quickly explained that the Pilot Flying had 'perceived' a traffic conflict situation and had maneuvered the aircraft. the controller replied; 'that traffic was at 9000 feet Mean Sea Level and your altitude may have been 8500 feet Mean Sea Level; you may hear about this.' the entire incident lasted approximately 10 seconds.