I was the Pilot Flying inbound to KMLI and the Captain as the Pilot Not Flying picked up the Automatic Terminal Information Service for KMLI and relayed the information to me. there was no mention of runway 31 being unusable. we saw the airport beacon and as we continued towards KMLI; we found ourselves lined up for runway 31. we requested a straight-in visual to runway 31 from the quad cities approach controller. we received clearance for the visual approach to runway 31 and we were instructed to contact the tower. the Captain contacted quad cities tower and we were given clearance to land on runway 31. after we landed; we were asked to phone the tower. the Captain phoned the tower and the tower controller said we were not approved for landing on runway 31 and he referenced a new Notice To Airmen for KMLI. in our weather package there was a new Notice To Airmen that read 'MLI 31 closed landing air carrier PS ATX PS aircraft with approach speed over 120 Knots.' having read this prior to landing; we appeared legal since we were given clearance to landon runway 31 and our approach speed is not over 120 Knots. I believe this possible infraction could have been prevented by the Flight Crew'S better understanding of what the poorly written Notice To Airmen intended to say. we interpreted the Notice To Airmen as runway 31 being closed to air carrier/ATX aircraft with an approach speed over 120 Knots; not as being closed to all air carrier and ATX aircraft. a mention of the runway not being usable in the Automatic Terminal Information Service would have also prevented this infraction. as a last resource; notification from the approach or from tower saying the runway is not usable to air carrier aircraft; but instead they gave us clearance for both the visual approach to runway 31 and landing clearance to runway 31. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that he called his dispatch office for clarification of the Notice To Airmen. dispatch indicated that the PS equals a plus sign which the equipment cannot make. in speaking with controller; he indicated it was his interpretation that the Notice To Airmen meant no air carrier aircraft could use the runway. if this was the case; RPTR wonders why he would be cleared to land on that runway??? RPTR was advised of the hot line number to further follow up on the problem. supplemental information from ACN 292915: we asked for a visual straight-in to runway 31. this was approved by approach control. checking in with tower; a landing clearance was obtained for runway 31. any one of several things would have prevented this: the Flight Crew'S better understanding of a poorly written new Notice To Airmen; a mention of the change on the Automatic Terminal Information Service or; as a last line of defense; notification from approach or tower control; the approving agency. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR was advised that 'PS' is a legal Federal Aviation Administration abbreviation for 'plus;' therefore; his air carrier aircraft with an approach speed less than 120 Knots was included in this proscription.