I looked over to my left at the marshal and got a salute clearing me to leave the ramp. we were parked in the closest spot next to the terminal building and there were no other aircraft on the ramp at that time. I looked to the right and asked the First Officer if the area was clear. she responded that it was clear. I started to move the aircraft to the right toward taxiway B. I did not see a traffic cone that was left by san ramp agents as it was hidden by the glare shield. as we started to finish the turn heading toward taxiway B; post event inspection disclosed the left propeller stuck a traffic cone. I was looking forward and did not see the impact. the sound of the impact was the first indication of a problem. I brought the aircraft to an immediate stop and looked out my left side window. I shut the engine down. I asked the First Officer to take control of the aircraft while I went outside to inspect the damage. when I determined that the flight would be delayed until maintenance could inspect the propeller; I returned to the cockpit and taxied the aircraft to a remote parking spot on the ramp. inspection of the propeller indicated it had struck a traffic one. we contacted dispatch and maintenance via the telex and made an appropriate AML entry. causes: 1) traffic cone situated in the middle of the ramp area. 2) absence of painted lines for taxi RTES and parking locations. 3) failure to taxi forward before starting the right turn and follow usual taxi route. 4) failure of the First Officer to properly check the area was clear; instead of focusing on a new departure procedure. 5) First Officer'S unfamiliarity with new airport and route. remedies: 1) removal of traffic cones from the ramp area unless they are being used in the immediate vicinity of parked aircraft. 2) taxi lines and designated parking areas need to be permanently painted on the ramp. 3) I should have provided a PREFLT briefing to the First Officer covering the departure procedure prior to starting the taxi.