SLEPT until XA00 in ZZZZ. walked; ate; took couple-hour nap until wake-up. flew through night with no rest as my break had continuous moderate turbulence. fatigued; which is average for this flight. conducted brief at top of descent; including flaps 30 degree; AUTOBRAKES 3 degree; missed; etc. just before 1500 feet on visual; we overheard Air Traffic Control scolding another air carrier for taxiing on runway 8L instead of taxiway. then tower cleared aircraft for OPS Base Operations Office; right in front of our nose for runway 4L. somehow being tired and distraction; I forgot gear. I asked for full flaps and horn beeped. immediately I recognized I had forgotten the gear and called for gear extension. I asked Captain if he'D like a go around; but by this time everything had 'come together' and looked good; so we landed. I could easily have made taxiway k; but popped off brakes and coasted to end of runway 4R. we wound up 'walking away from another one' which we do after every flight. possibly no one would ever know if I DIDN't write this report. in my 30TH YR of flying; this is quite disturbing to me. not something I ever want to see! had we all not been so fatigued and distraction; I do not think I would have forgotten the gear; and I do not think both the Captain and bunkie would have let me go so Federal Aviation Regulation without lowering the gear either! even though he DIDN't say anything; I strongly believe the bunkie added an extra layer of safety that would have prevented us from landing with the gear up. lesson learned is that even with easily over 100 YRS flying experience in the cockpit; mistakes can be made; and we need to be ever vigilant. I will do my best to never let this happen again. supplemental information from ACN 682843: late in lowering gear and completing checklist. very tired; all-night flight from ZZZ-HNL. unable to get nap at hotel prior to departure because maids make excessive noise in halls and adjacent rooms. distraction approaching Final Approach Fix by tower admonishing another airline flight for taxiing onto a runway without those instructions -- several very caustic XMISSIONS by tower to the aircraft. then tower told us to look for traffic crossing between us and the runways from E to W that would be landing on runway 4L; IE; their OPS Base Operations Office turn was across the final approach course to runway 4R. it took us awhile to spot this traffic. these DISTRS with being tired allowed us to be late in final CONFIGN. no mandatory go around automated notifications were sounded or displayed; however; FOM guidance of gear down and final check accomplished by Final Approach Fix or 1500 feet was violated. we deemed continuing for landing was a safer course of action than to go around with tiredness and high terrain to the n and E of airport. landing made in normal touchdown zone; on speed.