THE simulated emergency landing was made with the aircraft PWRPLANT shut down and the propeller stopped. the motivation for this emergency practice was to demonstrate to the student pilot that the aircraft can glide to earth safely with the engine failed. the simulation required an airport with no traffic. on this day at saint charles county airport; severe thunderstorms had moved through the area; causing most of the flying activity to cease. at 1600 feet; the weather at the airport changed to good Visual Meteorological Conditions. the training session was focused upon traffic pattern operations with multiple takeoffs and LNDGS. the area around the airport was clear of traffic and there were no aircraft operating on the surface. the simulated landing was executed as planned and the outcome was as planned. that is; the student is more confident that the aircraft can be safely maneuvered to a safe landing when the engine is not operational. during the approach to land; a 180 degree turn from downwind to final was required. during this turn; the area behind could not be viewed; which could introduce a problem with this operation. if another aircraft arrived to land on the opposite end of planned runway there would be no opportunity to go around with the engine off. in this case; no other aircraft presented a danger; but it is possible that an aircraft could arrive out of view and unannounced. the benefit of this type of operation would be eliminated if an accident occurred. the student was briefed on the justification of the operation; at a select location and altitude with no other aircraft in sight. there is the possibility that the student pilot would attempt this operation independently to emulate the actions of the flight instructor. it is important to stress the purpose of the exercise to address this concern. in conclusion; although there is a benefit to this operation; the potential for an accident during or perpetuated by; is reason enough to only simulate the emergency landing with the engine at idle power setting. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that he has reevaluated the benefits versus the risk in conducting engine and propeller stopped simulated forced LNDGS mainly due to the unexpected traffic at an UNCTLED airport environment that could not be avoided if needed. RPTR is aware that the instructor is ultimately responsible for the successful and safe outcome of pilot training.