AT approximately XA:21 a strong burning odor entered the cockpit followed by smoke from the area around the left GLARESHIELD panel. both the Captain and the First Officer donned oxygen and smoke goggles and we initiated emergency procedures for electrical fire/smoke. we called an emergency call with ZZZ and requested an immediate diversion to the closest airport. the amount of smoke coming from the panel was significant and steady but we could not establish a source or an area where heat was building up. the First Officer was the flying pilot and the Captain handled the checklist and radio communications. the checklist was followed and we lost communications and navigation capabilities due to the loss of power to those systems. this allowed us to isolate the problem to the PS1 bus because the smoke stopped. I then REPOWERED the aircraft and re-established communication with ZZZ. we received a clearance to divert to ZZZZ; First Officer; and a 7700 squawk. once established towards ZZZZ; I began to load-shed the aircraft. the left side alternator; generator; windshield heat; PITOT heat; Electronic Flight Instrument System; and lighting were turned off as well as the high frequency when contact with ZZZ was established. two circuit breakers were tripped on the electrical panel; the cabin lights and Electronic Flight Instrument System SYB gen 3. the flight time to ZZZZ; First Officer; was about 40 minutes. once in the descent the cabin dump valve was opened to allow clearance of the smoke in the cabin. the smoke did not obscure vision; but did cause a noticeable haze. high frequency#2 failed and that made it necessary to have power on high frequency#1 longer than wanted. a failure of the emergency mask intercom made it necessary for me to have my mask off to communication effectively with the First Officer. approximately 12 minutes from ZZZZ; First Officer; the bus tie was opened and all power to PS1 was closed. the smoke stopped at this point. heat was beginning to build up noticeably on the left GLARESHIELD panel before the bus tie was closed. no flames were noticed but the smoke was consistent. after landing with most of the aircraft systems UNPOWERED; we shut the aircraft down without further incident. the Captain was treated and released from the hospital for smoke inhalation. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the First Officer was flying and the Captain was going through the checklist and isolated the PS1 bus causing the smoke to stop. the loads were shed on the PS1 bus and two circuit breakers were found tripped; one being cabin lighting. reaching 2000 feet the outflow valve was opened to clear out the smoke. the Captain was treated for smoke inhalation due to failure of the emergency mask intercom as it was removed to communication with the First Officer. maintenance found the cockpit lighting rheostat dimmer was overheated due to a screw cutting the output wiring insulation and shorting out the rheostat. this was controled by the circuit breaker found tripped that was labeled cabin lighting.