LAX Automatic Terminal Information Service was RPTING weather as 12 scattered; 21 broken; 2 1/2 plain fog 52/50 1707/30.14. actual weather much lower ceiling; visibility was approximately as RPTED. upon breaking out of the clouds just above minimums sighted an MLG Y on the runway just beginning his takeoff roll. lax had cleared me to land when we checked in over Final Approach Fix. as I was holding a correction right of the runway (due to crosswind also much stronger than RPTED) I elected to make a non standard go around. missed approach procedure called for a turn to 020 degree. if I had done that I would have flown either over the departing aircraft or we would have collided. I turned slightly more to the right and then attempted to parallel the runway in order to keep the departing MLG Y in sight. this was difficult due to weather conditions. we told lax tower we were going around and they told us to turn to 030 degree. this would have initially placed both aircraft in the same airspace. I told my Fahrenheit/O to ask where the departing aircraft was before we would turn. lax tower would not respond. as we were so close to the radar XMITTER site I do not believe they knew. we did establish some sort of trust in the tower controller and followed their instruction for another normal approach and landing. again; however; found the ceiling on final approach to be much lower than RPTED. question: why was I cleared to land with another aircraft on the runway? he was still in the t/D zone when we pulled up along side. why no update on the lax weather. even 30 minutes after our second approach and landing. SHOULDN't the tower controller tell me he DIDN't know where we were in relation to the departing aircraft after we both entered the clouds. supplemental information from ACN 101313: the aircraft on the ground was within the t/D zone markings as we approached the runway threshold. at no time during the approach did the tower warn us of his presence. it was not apparent to the tower that there was a conflict. it was apparent to us that a conflict existed. the Captain kept the aircraft on the ground insight as he called for missed approach. the tower directed us to turn left to 030 degree; which would have put us on a possible collision course. the Captain turned right until clear of the climbing aircraft; then we paralleled his course. as we climbed into the approximately 400' Mean Sea Level cloud deck the other aircraft passed our altitude. we then turned left and followed Air Traffic Control instructions. conclusions: aircraft on ground may have inadvertently delayed his takeoff roll. tower was unable to visually see pending conflict and margin of error for landing and departing aircraft was 0 in our case.