BEFORE the flight from YYC to ord the ground service crew towed aircraft to the gate from its overnight pad. the aircraft had ice on the wings so we informed the crew we would need to be deiced. the weather was clear with a temperature of 3 degree Celsius. we started the ENGS at the gate and applied engine anti-ice. we then prepared the aircraft for deicing which appeared to take place normally. after deicing we taxied to runway 34 with no delays and were cleared for an immediate takeoff. it was my takeoff and we were making a maximum power takeoff. I advanced power to 1.4 EPR and called AUTOTHROTTLES; which the Captain activated. acceleration was normal until about 80 Knots when I noticed a muffled noise and the aircraft yawed slightly right. I glanced once more at the AIRSPD and saw 90 Knots and then focused my attention back outside. the aircraft yawed right once more and the Captain initiated the abort between 90-100 Knots. we returned to the gate and left the flaps extended so an inspection could be made to insure there was no damage to the flaps. upon inspection of the right engine; a number of fan blades were bent out of shape. contract maintenance informed us that the fan would have to be changed if not the whole engine. upon inspecting the wings no damage was found; but there was ice on the wings just aft of the heater blankets and on the leading edges of the flaps. supplemental information from ACN 324727: aircraft commenced takeoff roll on runway 34 using maximum power due to having been deiced at gate. at approximately 80-90 Knots I noticed the right EPR fluctuate and felt aircraft pull slightly to right. I initiated an abort without incident and cleared runway. after arrival at gate I and the First Officer along with maintenance; observed several bent blades on the foremost compressor blade. we also observed several small spots of ice on the aft part of the right wing. it is unlikely this was picked up during taxi or even during the abort as the weather conditions were clear and the runway was also basically free of contaminants. this leads me to believe that the aircraft was not properly deiced to begin with.