ON jan/thu/97; at approximately XA15 am; myself and another mechanic were sent to tow a DC10 from gate XX to the maintenance OPS Base Operations Office at ZZZ. after an uneventful PUSHBACK to taxiway a; we proceeded on taxiway a to taxiway U holding short of runway 28L. (I was the tug driver and in contact with the cockpit due to the fact that the radio in the tug was tagged broken. the brake rider was in contact with the tower.) the brake rider made a comment that the tower was busy and they were amending the directions several times. the brake rider said the tower had given him several options including taxiway U to taxiway right to taxiway Celsius; but we would hold still until further instruction. the brake rider then said we were clear to cross runway 28L. we started to cross when the brake rider said the tower told him we incurred the runway. the brake rider said he believed we were clear to cross runway 28L. we stopped on taxiway U at runway 28R. after several minutes; the brake rider told me we were clear to cross runway 28R. we went about 20 yards and we were told to stop. we came to a stop; still short of runway 28R. after several minutes we were given CLEARENCE to cross runway 28R. due to the tower training and weather conditions; a runway incursion did occur. the directions were amended numerous times. supplemental information from ACN 356950: I was riding brakes and operating the radio; talking and being directed by ZZZ ground control. the events started with my partner and I at gate XX ready to push back. I called ZZZ ground control for clearance to push back. 2 other amendments to the original instructions were made by ground. as radio operator I was confused by the changes made. I asked ground to repeat their instructions and told them that I was having hard time understanding their instructions. ground repeated by saying; tug XX go to taxiway U; hold short runway 28L; take TXWYS U; right; and Celsius. halfway across the runway 28L; ground called and said; tug XX stop! I told ground control that we were halfway across. at that point another controller took over. tug XX hold short of runway 28R; on taxiway U; READBACK. we were in position of the first hold line on taxiway U and moving towards runway 28R. ground control called and said tug hold short of runway 28R. read back; we stopped 20 yards before runway 28R threshold; on taxiway U. then we were cleared to cross runway 28R to taxiway Q and to W gate. the runway incursion took place on taxiway U crossing runway 28L.