ENG start at ZZZ1 required jumping the aircraft'S battery from the lineman'S truck. once started; the aircraft'S electrical system appeared to be functioning normally. while taxiing for departure; the radio intermittently XMITTED to ground control; but operated for tower communications. while executing the departure climb; we experienced electrical system failure. the failure occurred immediately after the tower handoff to departure control during the initial climbing left turn toward the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. radio frequency lights were blank/out; indicating no power from the alternator or battery. no circuit breakers were observed to have extended. radio contact with HANDHELD transceivers was attempted without success. the FPR was then flown. the transponder was left on 'altitude' at first in the event it was able to transmit the lost communication 7600 code. approximately 10 minutes into the flight; the aircraft'S battery/alternator switches were turned off to preserve whatever power may have been available for landing operations. Global Positioning System receiver'S internal batteries (not ship'S power) were used to navigate. weather was night Visual Meteorological Conditions with good visibility. while approaching ZZZ2; the battery/master switch was again turned on; which illuminated the external navigate lights momentarily. the COMRDO frequency display and external position lights momentarily lit and a radio call was made to ZZZ2 tower with no response. the radio display and lights again failed at this point. after the last route fix on the flight plan; we proceeded to fly toward ZZZ2 paralleling the runway 24 Instrument Landing System on the right side using the Global Positioning System receivers. landing was made via short straight-in final approach onto runway 24. human performance considerations: I presumed the flight was being followed on radar; so continued the route to the destination airport in night Visual Meteorological Conditions. I chose to treat night Visual Meteorological Conditions as if it were Instrument Meteorological Conditions lost communications and flew the FPR; believing the route was protected airspace for the proposed time of the flight with the aircraft'S radar track being followed. my intention was to land safely at an airport with functioning runway lights. I considered landing at monmouth executive; robbinsville; and princeton; but each had pilot controled lighting which we would not be able to activate. I chose ZZZ2 as the most safe airport because it is most familiar to me and I believed the route was protected airspace where we were expected to be per our Instrument Flight Rules flight plan and proposed time en route. approaching ZZZ2; we attempted to listen to Automatic Terminal Information Service on HANDHELD transceivers with no success. since the airplane had no lights or radios; I chose not to circle the airport/tower believing it futile to be seen by engine sound alone for the tower to send a light gun signal. I believed circling an often busy airport with no lights or radio would be an unsafe choice. I chose to land on runway 24. the landing was made with a short final approach; and we quickly cleared the runway at the first taxiway. upon landing I called the tower to advise on the above.