WHILE taxiing off runway 31R onto taxiway 18; we received instructions to cross runway 35R; turn left on lima; and contact ground control. being unfamiliar with that area of the airport; I looked down at the airport diagram. the Captain asked for the after landing checklist and if we were cleared to cross. neither of us understood the clearance completely. I asked the tower to 'say again' at least 1 more time and it may have been twice. since we were already crossing runway 35R; we heard cleared to cross again ('anticipating' 35L) and still looking for taxiway lima. when we found ourselves at kilo; we both realized that lima was behind us and the runway we had just crossed was an active runway without clearance. other factors: neither the Captain nor I had been in that area of the airport before. it was the Captain'S first landing in that type of aircraft. I am a low-time First Officer in that type of airplane. anticipation -- normally when told to switch to ground control at most airports; you are cleared to cross active runways. supplemental information from ACN 260235: I did not know where 'lima' was and asked copilot. he was looking up maps and doing after landing CHKLISTS and did not answer. I looked for lima sign but did not see one. an aircraft was on short final for runway 35R so I was trying to hustle a heavy ship across and probably missed the lima sign between runway 35R/35L (I assume it'S there). we received clearance again to turn left on lima -- now I had a mindset it was on the other side of runway 35L. we both looked and saw no aircraft on runway 35L and continued across. I also thought that because we were on ground; he hand crossed us. it also was my first landing after training in this craft. I was also trying to adjust my cockpit lights (which I could not find). I should have stopped the moment I was not absolutely sure of the clearance. although we had taxi maps handy; lima was not easily apparent to us. I believe I heard what I expected; 'cross 35L;' not what the controller said; because it was the second or third clearance to cross.