DATE of incident began with unwanted wake-up at hotel about XA00 am from loud disturbance outside room by hotel guests apparently retiring after party on lower level. unable to go back to sleep; anticipating XB00 am wake-up call. cockpit PREFLT found Ground Proximity Warning System fail light inoperative. found bulbs missing; replaced bulbs; then tested normal. clearance obtained; CHKLISTS completed. after boarding passenger; closed cabin door and had entire aircraft DE-iced. during CLBOUT shortly after takeoff; Ground Proximity Warning System 'terrain' warning sounded frequently but intermittently; with radio altimeter needle jumping wildly between 0 feet to 2500 feet altitude indications. climb continued at maximum power used for takeoff; and 'terrain' warnings continued; creating concern as well as distraction. ottawa Standard Instrument Departure called for flying runway heading for radar vectors to 5000 feet. additionally; noise abatement procedures suggested climb to 3000 feet before proceeding on course. although the 'terrain' warnings were experienced on previous occasions following deicing; passing approximately 2000 feet Mean Sea Level; began right turn toward yup beacon; knowing terrain was lower toward S. departure controller later gave a heading for direct SYR; which was acknowledged; then inquired as to the right turn; instead of maintaining runway heading per the Standard Instrument Departure. First Officer replied turn was made toward the yup beacon; but did not indicate turn prompted by Ground Proximity Warning System warnings. controller then responded; 'ok.' obviously; the turn resulted in deviation from the published Standard Instrument Departure. Ground Proximity Warning System warnings finally ceased above 10000 feet Mean Sea Level about the time pulling circuit breakers was discussed (per AFM procedures). throughout departure and CLBOUT; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II display showed no conflict with any other aircraft. flight continued routinely to destination airport. in hindsight; would have been appropriate to advise controller of warnings by Ground Proximity Warning System; and requesting right turn prior to commencing same.