I am a new Captain on the aircraft with less than 100 hours as Captain. flight planning at MHT with weather at ord below my minimums; I conferred with dispatch and we mutually agreed to add fuel and be able to hold as longitude as possible in the ord area pending weather improvement. arriving in ord area weather was still below my minimums of 300-1. held at story intersection for over 1 hour as weather at ord was on improving trend. conferred with dispatch and changed alternate to GRR; deleting MSP and DTW in order to extend hold capability. weather finally improved with Runway Visual Range of 5000' and we were pulled from holding to begin vectoring for approach. as we were intercepting Instrument Landing System to 14L; about 10 mile from outer marker; approach control stated Runway Visual Range was now 2800'. we informed approach we needed 4500' or 1 mile to begin approach. controller'S response was to stay on approach and to inform tower of intentions. it was at this time that I realized that because of the time I had spent in the holding that the possibility existed that my minimums might convert to Celsius-I as the extra flight time might put me over 100 hours. the last weather for my alternate; GRR; was deteriorating where weather at ord was improving. if we now abandoned the approach and diverted to GRR; there was the distinct possibility that the weather at GRR would be worse than at ord; and fuel considerations were becoming important. not having the time to RECHK the weather at GRR and to accurately add my time; I decided to REBRIEF the approach to 14L for Celsius-I minimums as the last RPTED Runway Visual Range was 2800'. we set our bugs to 852'; or 200' above field elevation. at 900' the runway approach lights were visible and at 852' the decision bar and runway threshold were visible with aircraft perfectly aligned with runway. at 50' below Minimum Descent Altitude I disconnected the Auto-Pilot and landed. a normal 40 degree flap landing was made with a normal stop and we exited runway 14L at the high speed about midway down runway. we informed tower we were clear and taxied to gate. it was not until later when I added my time that it showed I had 98:55; not the 100 hours required to observe Celsius-I minimums. under all variables that affected this flight I feel that the decision to continue approach to Celsius-I minimums was the safest.