AFTER the Captain'S PRE-takeoff brief. we took off on runway 35L at den. power and all CALLOUTS were normal until the 'positive rate; gear up' call. when I put the gear up; we heard a 'bang!' vibration shook the aircraft. a roll and yaw into the right engine followed at between 100-200 feet above ground level. the Captain asked which one is it? and I stated 'the right one.' Captain called 'ignition override; check fuel system.' we climbed to about 6000 feet Mean Sea Level and began to run the checklist for an engine failure. the engine (right) was developing power; but at a reduced rate. we went through the engine failure checklist and single engine in-range landing. maximum altitude was 7200 feet Mean Sea Level. after landing; braking and left engine thrust reverse was normal (as all hydraulic system functions) until braking was needed at end of runway. we had no hydraulic power to the brakes (the accumulator charge was gone). we rolled off the end of the runway at a low speed and the aircraft came to rest short of a taxiway. we did not know we had lost hydraulic pressure for there was no ANNUNCIATOR light. the thrust REVERSER of the right engine had fallen off tearing out wiring and hydraulic lines. with no warning(S) we did not have the clues for additional failures. further; we did not know that the thrust REVERSER had fallen off so; without that airborne information; we COULDN't determine what was wrong. we went on information at hand. loss of thrust REVERSER right engine. loss of hydraulic fluid due to lines being exposed. loss of brakes due to above circumstances. supplemental information from ACN 230445: a flash of the master caution for approximately 1 sec followed by a flash of the right reverse unlock light were the only cockpit indications that we got. the brakes failed at 80 Knots. we departed the runway at the departure end to the left to avoid a fence. we did a 180 degree turn using reverse thrust from the left engine. the left main gear sunk in a ditch which stopped the aircraft.