ON this date of jan/XA/98 I departed the airport on my annual flight. at approximately XA10 local time; I departed VGT on a left downwind departure from runway 7. departing to the W towards lone mountain; and clear of the VGT actual time Of arrival; I take up a heading towards the NW in the direction of the local practice area. proceeding on course and climbing to approximately 3500 feet Mean Sea Level; ahead and to my lower right; I observed a helicopter in a slow right turn; as the helicopter came around in his right turn and facing my direction; I banked my wings in hopes he would see me; and continued on my way. about this time VGT tower made a call to a metropolitan police helicopter; informing them that there was another helicopter W of them heading to lee canyon NW of las vegas. metropolitan police helicopter acknowledged and said also that they had a super cub in their vicinity (which was me). VGT tower called me advising me to the 2 helicopters. I responded tallyho on both. being that this was a flight with no known destination in mind; I proceeded to make some casual turns to the left and right and partaking of the beautiful scenery below. after some time I take up a heading toward the S in the general direction of lone mountain. as I was proceeding on course to the S; I again observed a helicopter to my lower left moving in a westerly direction. as he went astern; I made some turns to the left and right hoping to see where and what he was doing. I lost sight of him and proceeded S and passed just to the E of lone mountain. coming abeam of lone mountain and then following the newly installed power lines along the western side on the new las vegas belt way; staying at 3700 feet Mean Sea Level; knowing that the class B airspace of 4000 feet Mean Sea Level lay ahead if I were to continue on this southerly heading. abeam of red rock canyon; I turned W following the highway that Light Emitting Diode to the red rock canyon area; spending a few minutes there and satisfied all is well; turned around; proceeded in an easterly direction for the return flight to VGT. I listened to the Automatic Terminal Information Service at VGT and then called the VGT tower; received clearance to land on runway 7; and to call at three lakes for a straight-in to runway 7. a couple of mile out; I called VGT tower with a request to make a right turn at runway 12 intersection. VGT tower'S response was approved as requested. landing was executed successfully and returned to the hangar area; parking the aircraft in front of hangar door. shortly thereafter; a white truck pulls up alongside of my aircraft and 2 metropolitan helicopter police officers exit from the white pickup truck. the metropolitan helicopter police officers said that I was flying too low when abeam of sun city summerlin community area; which is adjacent to the PWRLINE and the belt parkway just S of lone mountain. the metropolitan helicopter police officers asked if I have a pilot license; and would I show it to them. and with the same great panache; I too produced my pilot license. the license is examined and information is noted on a writing pad. license is returned to me; the metropolitan helicopter police officers inform me not to fly low in the sun city summerlin area in the future; and depart. my aircraft is a 1937 J2 cub built by taylor aircraft company of lock haven; Public Address.