WHEN handed over to the ast sector (sea Air Route Traffic Control Center); we continued to have problems receiving center XMISSIONS; which we advised them of. (no problems receiving was encountered with previous sectors.) we tried both communication radios. past ILWAC intersection; we were cleared for the Instrument Landing System 26 approach into ast. we were in Instrument Meteorological Conditions conditions at that time and were negative Distance Measuring Equipment. we started our times at ILWAC and proceeded inbound on V112 (from the n). we asked center if they wanted us to climb from 3000 to 4300'; which was the approach altitude because we knew there is high terrain S of the airport. we received no response. we broke out into Visual Flight Rules conditions with negative contact of the airport. our time showed that we should be nearly over the airport (and VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range) and decided because of terrain we should begin our climb to 4300' (we had been cleared for the approach). we climbed to the approach altitude of 4300'. 1 minute later; ZSE queried us: '..U altitude?' (almost unreadable). XYU: 'XYU is at 4300.' ZSE: '..U...initial AP...fix.' XYU: 'ZSE; you are unreadable for XYU. we are Visual Meteorological Conditions and will cancel Instrument Flight Rules and proceed with the approach Marginal Visual Flight Rules conditions.' ZSE: 'x...1200 frequency...day.' XYU: 'XYU squawking 1200; good day.' we proceeded with the approach and had no problem talking with the traffic at ast. when looking at the approach plate; there is an IAE on vector 27 19 mile out. it is for the Distance Measuring Equipment arc or the 328 degree right and it requires an altitude of 4000' Mean Sea Level. we were on vector 112; 280 degree right. the only Initial Approach Fix from our ARWY is at the Nondirectional Radio Beacon (kasper 201 pen); and it requires a crossing altitude of 4300' OUTBND for terrain clearance. we began our climb outside the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range instead of waiting. we thought we were close to crossing it. we later figured we had a 20 Knot headwind; instead of the calm winds that were RPTED at our altitude. ast is not a busy airport and center had cleared us for the approach 15 mile out. center should have given us a higher altitude then. we asked center for higher when we expected to get it; but we DIDN't receive a response. we climbed because we thought the approach clearance was a clearance to the approach altitude since it was higher than our en route altitude.