SOME time had passed after we had passed the RZS VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range inbound to SBP. I used my familiarization with the area'S ground lighting to determine that we were approaching the SMX-SBP area. also; I determined that due to our close proximity to the area that we needed to start a descend rather quickly. otherwise; we could not have been able to meet the LTT'S descend limitation of a maximum 1000 Feet Per Minute rate of descend and still be able to maintain a reasonable speed to the airport. I asked Air Traffic Control for a lower altitude and was assigned to 7000'. in my opinion this altitude was still too high to meet the LTT'S limitation so I started looking for the airport in order to be assigned a visual approach and unrestricted lower altitude. when approaching the SMX-SBP area from the S; SBP is the last cluster of lights sighted before continuing to the n. both the Fahrenheit/O and I sighted an airport beacon in what appeared to be the last cluster of lights. we both assumed this to be SBP so I called the airport in sight to Air Traffic Control. (we actually could not see SBP because of reduced visibility. I estimate flight visibility at approximately 20-25 mile. we did not realize this at the time.) we were approximately 35-40 mile away at the time of the call but Air Traffic Control still issued a visual approach W/O questioning as to whether or not we really had the airport in sight. the Fahrenheit/O that I was flying with was one that I considered to be above average so I was reliant on him to judge distance; speed; etc; and to set us up for a normal left traffic pattern into the airport. I focused my attention on calling and completing the descend check; calling for current weather; setting up the radios for a localizer back up and looking out for traffic and the terrain. we were approximately 4000' and on a high left downwind when I called; 'airport in sight; landing assured; cancel Instrument Flight Rules;' to Air Traffic Control. Air Traffic Control simply cancelled and wished us; 'good night.' because of the ease at which Air Traffic Control cancelled we were further Light Emitting Diode to believe that we were approaching the correct destination airport. at this point several consideration should be made as to why the controller did not question my radio call: from our position 30 mile SW at 4000'there was no way that I could have seen SBP even during daylight unlimited visibility as the airport is surrounded by hilly-mountainous terrain; 30 mile out at 4000' in no way assured us of a successful landing at SBP; the Fahrenheit/O had slowed the aircraft down to our final approach speed of 120 Knots (unusual for the LTT until short final during Visual Flight Rules operations); and we were no longer heading to SBP but directly to SMX. however; the controller cancelled W/O any hesitation or questioning. in fact; the controller gave us an audible impression that he was relieved because he no longer had to deal with us. at approximately mid-field left downwind I started making position RPTS on the Common Traffic Advisory Frequency and tried to identify the localizer. I could not receive the IDENTIFIER and assumed that we were in the non-receiving area of the localizer. because of this I commented to the Fahrenheit/O that the localizer would probably come in after we turned OPS Base Operations Office leg. both crew members were very familiar with the hilly-mountainous terrain surrounding SBP. accordingly; our attention focused on the ground lighting as that was all we could see of the terrain (it was a very dark night; no moon; no horizon; etc). both crew members continued throughout downwind and OPS Base Operations Office to concentrate on judging distance from these lights and looking for traffic with the Fahrenheit/O quickly glancing at the runway to judge his pattern work. after turning on to final I noticed that both the Horizontal Situation Indicator (Captain) and the OMNI-indicator (Fahrenheit/O) still had navigate/flags. I commented to the Fahrenheit/O that it was strange that the localizer still had not come in. the Fahrenheit/O gave no response as I gave my attention to the radios and again tried to identify the localizer. I considered the possibility of a navigate radio failure and rechecked; RETUNED the frequency; etc. I told the Fahrenheit/O that we still had navigate/flags as I started to scan the other instruments. no response was given from the Fahrenheit/O as I noticed that we were approximately 400'. I started calling out the 500' check. also; I briefly glanced outside during the check and noticed that both the approach lighting system (Automatic Landing System) and Visual Approach Slope Indicator were not on. I COMMENTEDABOUT this to the Fahrenheit/O but he did not respond. finally; the Fahrenheit/O looked over and noticed that he could not hear me speak. somehow; my hot-microphone switch was clicked to the off position (a common complaint from SFAR 41 LTT crews!). the Fahrenheit/O reached over to the left side of my control stick and turned the switch back on again keeping my attention to the inside of the cockpit. at approximately 100' and after initially calling AIRSPD and SINKRATE I started looking back outside and concentrating on the airport. I did not recognize the normal visual clues for SBP as the runway appeared to be wider and much longer and the ramp area was dark and not lit up as that of SBP'S. I tried looking for other clues but everything was moving rather quickly and was hard to identify. consequently; I asked the Fahrenheit/O if this really was SBP as I figured that he had been looking out at the airport since we had turned final. the Fahrenheit/O responded with a somewhat UNDISCERNING; 'I hope so.' at that point I decided the airport we were about to land at was apparently not that of SBP and called for a go around. unfortunately; the wheels touched simultaneously as I made the call for a go around. since the wheels had touched and I knew that we had enough runway to stop I aborted the go around and assumed control of the aircraft. during ROLLOUT my suspicions were confirmed as we both recognized the airport as SMX. (the fact that I had visual contact with the Automatic Landing System guaranteed us enough runway to land. only 2 airports in the SMX-SBP area have the Automatic Landing System and we were supposed to be landing on the shortest of the two--SBP. the other airport is SMX.) after ROLLOUT I taxied to the gate as the tower was closed; deplaned our SMX bound passenger and conferred with our dispatch.