I was told on the tower frequency that I could contact fayetteville approach on the ground on 128.15 to pick up a clearance that had been previously filed. I contacted fayetteville approach after the RUNUP and requested my clearance. the controller asked if I would be departing to the n; to which I replied affirmatively. he then said that the clearance was on request. he returned shortly and I copied my clearance which was: direct RZC the RZC 350 degree right until notified; then as filed; climb to and maintain 8000'; departure frequency of 128.15; squawk 1520; and 'hold until release.' just before approach called I noticed that the attitude indicator was not erect. approach called with my release at this time. I said that I was going to cancel; but when I brought the Revolutions Per Minute up to taxi back to the terminal the attitude indicator erected. I realized that the Revolutions Per Minute had been too low in idle to maintain the necessary vacuum so I asked to be RERELEASED and the controller complied with the clearance for takeoff. since the clouds had some rime ice; I attempted to climb through them quickly to the tops which were at about 5000'. at about the RZC VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; just before I was going to initially contact the controller in the air; he called and asked my altitude; I replied 4900' and he replied that I had 'busted my altitude' and to return to 4000' immediately which I did within 20-30 secs. he said that there was a conflict with an airplane on approach to another airport and that the takeoff release had included a restriction for 4000' and that I needed to 'listen up.' after a few more minutes at 4000'; I was cleared to 8000' and handed off to another controller. the flight was completed W/O further unusual incident. the controller either did not issued the 4000' altitude restriction; or in the confusion with the attitude indicator; I missed the restriction. in neither case; did I acknowledge receipt of the instruction although I did acknowledge the receipt of the release. I did not observe another airplane although I was briefly in the clear before descending back to 4000'. if the controller had insisted on acknowledgement of the clearance instruction; this could have been avoided. there seemed to be lot of activity and conflict between this airport and other local airports; I noticed it on the morning of 1/91 as well as on the night before when I had come in had to hold.