I was on the final segment of a flight from chico; CA (Controller In Charge) to auburn; CA (aun). I was cruising at 5500 feet Mean Sea Level and participating in flight following with NORCAL approach. I was flying a course of 145 degree true between smartville and auburn. at 5500 feet I was flying over clouds that were becoming taller and more frequent. this concerned me enough that I wanted to get under them before too longitude so that I could land at auburn. I had passed smartville a few minutes earlier; however I thought I was further along on my route than I actually was. wanting to radio Flight Service Station and close my flight plan before nearing auburn; I canceled flight following with approach and began my descent to 3500 feet. (I believe this was my first and worst mistake that Light Emitting Diode to the incursion.) beale'S class Celsius shelf runs from 2600 feet to 4100 feet in this area. after radioing Flight Service Station; I began to realize that I was not seeing what I expected on the ground below. I saw camp Federal Aviation Regulation west reservoir off my right wing; so I assumed I was S of beal'S airspace. I continued to try and figure my location from landmarks; holding my heading while I assessed the situation. I was varying my altitude with the OPS Base Operations Office of the clouds during this time. then I remembered that this aircraft had a Global Positioning System that might help. the Global Positioning System was flashing that it had a message for me; which was that I was in beale'S airspace. according to the Global Positioning System; I was at the outermost edge. however; this was when I noticed it. I am sure I was inside for longer than this. I continued to hold course; as this would be the quickest way out (within 30 seconds). I could not climb; due to clouds; and I was hesitant to descend due to my disorientation. once out of class Celsius; I returned my attention to navigate. it turned out that I was on proper course; thankfully. my disorientation appears to have been limited to distance traveled. lessons: always have flight following when flying over/near controled airspace. I had not seen this as needed since my planned altitude was 5500 feet; well over beale'S airspace. however; weather changed my plans and my altitude. I did not respond appropriately. I continued on with my PRE-planned sequence of events after beginning my descent. if I would have just stayed with flight following; this would have been a non-event. be aware of disorientation. I believe the combination of busy radio work and transitioning between/under the clouds contributed to my misjudging distance. I will be more aware of these factors in the future. make use of all cockpit resources more quickly. I was purposely ignoring VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and Global Positioning System for this flight so as to practice PILOTAGE. this Light Emitting Diode me to be hesitant to 'give up' and use navigate equipment that would have alerted me to my exact position.