RADAR vectors to VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range 21 at GTF. prior to this; received latest Automatic Terminal Information Service prior to descent: high ceilings; rain showers in vicinity. briefed VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range 21 (no Instrument Landing System this runway; winds too strong for Instrument Landing System on runway 3). expected to actually fly visual approach based on Automatic Terminal Information Service ceiling and visibility. approaching airport (approximately 30 mile out) saw rain (green; yellow; few dots of red on weather radar).  edge of rain just se of airport. while on vectors; approach controller said rain approaching airport from E (we were also coming in from the E) and visibility dropping. cleared for approach approximately 7000 feet Mean Sea Level; intercepting inbound radial approximately 3-7 Nautical Mile from Final Approach Fix (trigg) -- we were already slowed and most of flaps already out. fully configured and checklist complete by Final Approach Fix. departed 4800 feet (Final Approach Fix altitude) .2 Nautical Mile prior to trigg (.2 Nautical Mile lead is our Standard Operating Procedure) and rapidly descended to Minimum Descent Altitude (4000 feet Mean Sea Level). prior to/just after Final Approach Fix in moderate rain all the way to runway; though only light rain at touchdown. lightning off our left side near Final Approach Fix; able to see ground prior to Final Approach Fix; though DIDN't see Visual Approach Slope Indicator for runway off our left till at Minimum Descent Altitude (if not for brightness of Visual Approach Slope Indicator; would not have seen runway till much closer). turbulence in descent; Minimum Descent Altitude through touchdown. firm landing with AUTOBRAKES set at medium. why I'Mach Number writing this: either tower or approach control (probably tower) informed us after we reached Minimum Descent Altitude that they showed us crossing trigg at 4100 feet (Final Approach Fix at trigg is 4800 feet). I don't think we started down too early; though I know we were aggressive to get right down to Minimum Descent Altitude. my mistakes: not truly preparing myself mentally for us to really fly the approach. this was the first VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range approach in real life (as either Pilot Flying or Pilot Not Flying) in this aircraft (2 years).  though we practice it in the simulator every 6 months (under ideal conditions); I HADN't seen one since my last sim. next 6 month check ride is this week!