79912,THIS was my first departure from bfi on 31L. my turn to the south was premature. bfi tower alerted me to the penetration at which time a vector was given to move me out of the Terminal Control Area.,Familiarity;Proficiency
79997,SITUATION began on a routine Visual Flight Rules pleasure flight into luk airport. onboard aircraft were myself; an Air Traffic Control specialist station with a commercial certificate and instrument rating and the copilot AEFII/mei. at 10 mile NE of the airport we made the initial call up with the tower. we were instructed to fly straight in to runway 20L and report a 3 mile final. at 6 mile out the local controller was working about 5-6 aircraft on 2 parallel runways. at this time the controller asked an aircraft with a call sign close to ours to identify on the transponder. I heard the controller immediately start talking to another aircraft so I assumed that the instructions were for that aircraft. again the controller asked the aircraft with close call sign to do something; and I asked if the instruction was for me. again the controller started to talk to another aircraft. then the controller asked us; using wrong tail number; to switch to runway 20R. at that time I again asked if these instructions were for us. this time he understood me and realized he was using the wrong call sign and asked me to switch to runway 20R. over the numbers for 20R I had to ask for landing clearance which was received. even though no midair or violation took place; this situation could have developed into an incident. the controller did not wait for a reply or acknowledgement to his instructions and did not hear what was being said; but heard what he expected to hear! all pilots and controllers must be made aware to listen for a correct reply and an action taken by the one receiving the instruction. if the situation continues to develop; take action and determine the problem. in this case all the controller had to do is ask; 'aircraft instructed to report 3 mile final 20L say numbers.' with this information he could have easily have controled the situation by making certain of the aircraft he needed to communicate with was us.,Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
80003,60 gallons 'jet a' fuel added to left wing during refueling on stop over. someone asked if we used jet fuel. I said; 'no; why?' company was contacted and it was decided to drain the left wing and all drains. 20 more gallons were added and drained. more fuel added and sample appeared normal. wing was refueled. engines were started and run for 20 minutes. engine RUNUP was uneventful as was return trip to oxnard; CA. complacency and inattention to the job at hand are the causes of this incident. the FUELER learned that all large a/Celsius do not take jet fuel and I once again was reminded that people don't always know how to do the job to which they are assigned.,Attitude
80010,SOME time had passed after we had passed the RZS VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range inbound to SBP. I used my familiarization with the area'S ground lighting to determine that we were approaching the SMX-SBP area. also; I determined that due to our close proximity to the area that we needed to start a descend rather quickly. otherwise; we could not have been able to meet the LTT'S descend limitation of a maximum 1000 Feet Per Minute rate of descend and still be able to maintain a reasonable speed to the airport. I asked Air Traffic Control for a lower altitude and was assigned to 7000'. in my opinion this altitude was still too high to meet the LTT'S limitation so I started looking for the airport in order to be assigned a visual approach and unrestricted lower altitude. when approaching the SMX-SBP area from the S; SBP is the last cluster of lights sighted before continuing to the n. both the Fahrenheit/O and I sighted an airport beacon in what appeared to be the last cluster of lights. we both assumed this to be SBP so I called the airport in sight to Air Traffic Control. (we actually could not see SBP because of reduced visibility. I estimate flight visibility at approximately 20-25 mile. we did not realize this at the time.) we were approximately 35-40 mile away at the time of the call but Air Traffic Control still issued a visual approach W/O questioning as to whether or not we really had the airport in sight. the Fahrenheit/O that I was flying with was one that I considered to be above average so I was reliant on him to judge distance; speed; etc; and to set us up for a normal left traffic pattern into the airport. I focused my attention on calling and completing the descend check; calling for current weather; setting up the radios for a localizer back up and looking out for traffic and the terrain. we were approximately 4000' and on a high left downwind when I called; 'airport in sight; landing assured; cancel Instrument Flight Rules;' to Air Traffic Control. Air Traffic Control simply cancelled and wished us; 'good night.' because of the ease at which Air Traffic Control cancelled we were further Light Emitting Diode to believe that we were approaching the correct destination airport. at this point several consideration should be made as to why the controller did not question my radio call: from our position 30 mile SW at 4000'there was no way that I could have seen SBP even during daylight unlimited visibility as the airport is surrounded by hilly-mountainous terrain; 30 mile out at 4000' in no way assured us of a successful landing at SBP; the Fahrenheit/O had slowed the aircraft down to our final approach speed of 120 Knots (unusual for the LTT until short final during Visual Flight Rules operations); and we were no longer heading to SBP but directly to SMX. however; the controller cancelled W/O any hesitation or questioning. in fact; the controller gave us an audible impression that he was relieved because he no longer had to deal with us. at approximately mid-field left downwind I started making position RPTS on the Common Traffic Advisory Frequency and tried to identify the localizer. I could not receive the IDENTIFIER and assumed that we were in the non-receiving area of the localizer. because of this I commented to the Fahrenheit/O that the localizer would probably come in after we turned OPS Base Operations Office leg. both crew members were very familiar with the hilly-mountainous terrain surrounding SBP. accordingly; our attention focused on the ground lighting as that was all we could see of the terrain (it was a very dark night; no moon; no horizon; etc). both crew members continued throughout downwind and OPS Base Operations Office to concentrate on judging distance from these lights and looking for traffic with the Fahrenheit/O quickly glancing at the runway to judge his pattern work. after turning on to final I noticed that both the Horizontal Situation Indicator (Captain) and the OMNI-indicator (Fahrenheit/O) still had navigate/flags. I commented to the Fahrenheit/O that it was strange that the localizer still had not come in. the Fahrenheit/O gave no response as I gave my attention to the radios and again tried to identify the localizer. I considered the possibility of a navigate radio failure and rechecked; RETUNED the frequency; etc. I told the Fahrenheit/O that we still had navigate/flags as I started to scan the other instruments. no response was given from the Fahrenheit/O as I noticed that we were approximately 400'. I started calling out the 500' check. also; I briefly glanced outside during the check and noticed that both the approach lighting system (Automatic Landing System) and Visual Approach Slope Indicator were not on. I COMMENTEDABOUT this to the Fahrenheit/O but he did not respond. finally; the Fahrenheit/O looked over and noticed that he could not hear me speak. somehow; my hot-microphone switch was clicked to the off position (a common complaint from SFAR 41 LTT crews!). the Fahrenheit/O reached over to the left side of my control stick and turned the switch back on again keeping my attention to the inside of the cockpit. at approximately 100' and after initially calling AIRSPD and SINKRATE I started looking back outside and concentrating on the airport. I did not recognize the normal visual clues for SBP as the runway appeared to be wider and much longer and the ramp area was dark and not lit up as that of SBP'S. I tried looking for other clues but everything was moving rather quickly and was hard to identify. consequently; I asked the Fahrenheit/O if this really was SBP as I figured that he had been looking out at the airport since we had turned final. the Fahrenheit/O responded with a somewhat UNDISCERNING; 'I hope so.' at that point I decided the airport we were about to land at was apparently not that of SBP and called for a go around. unfortunately; the wheels touched simultaneously as I made the call for a go around. since the wheels had touched and I knew that we had enough runway to stop I aborted the go around and assumed control of the aircraft. during ROLLOUT my suspicions were confirmed as we both recognized the airport as SMX. (the fact that I had visual contact with the Automatic Landing System guaranteed us enough runway to land. only 2 airports in the SMX-SBP area have the Automatic Landing System and we were supposed to be landing on the shortest of the two--SBP. the other airport is SMX.) after ROLLOUT I taxied to the gate as the tower was closed; deplaned our SMX bound passenger and conferred with our dispatch.,Attitude;Familiarity;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
80036,SMT x on Instrument Flight Rules flight plan cleared to MDSD via; 'radar vectors g-3 mella g-3 MDSD.' aircraft departed and the departure controller issued; 'proceed direction BQN on course.' BQN was not on the aircraft route of flight. I; as the center controller; took the HANDOFF but due to our FDRS problem I did not have the flight strip and by the coordination with the departure controller I knew that the aircraft was going BQN on course. I assigned the aircraft FL220 and went to take care of other aircraft that needed my attention. the aircraft was W of BQN going toward mella level at FL220. I looked at the bay; and his strip was there coordinated at FL220. I terminated radar service with the aircraft; switched aircraft to MDSD about 20 mile inside SJU airspace. a few minutes later MDSD called saying that the aircraft had not shown up at mella but 15 mile to the n. these I believe were contributing factors: the aircraft originally filed SJU B520 BQN B520 MDSD. clearance delivery changed his route to g-3 mella g-3 MDSD. departure controller gave aircraft; 'direction BQN on course.' BQN was not on his clearance. I; as center controller did not have a flight strip on aircraft because our FDRS system has not been printing strips correctly for the last 3 weeks. this means the D controller has to request every strip he needs manually and has to wait for that strip to be finished printing before he can request another. the pilot assumed that after BQN he was to go direction MDSD even though his clearance did not have BQN on it.,Resource Deficiency
80077,THE transfer from toronto center to minneapolis center was missed or not given within our radio range or not given at all by toronto center. the Captain remained busy writing critiques of previous legs for submission to the company and had been preoccupied and missed several other radio calls. I delayed leaving the cockpit as longitude as possible to allow him to finish his writing. finally passing green bay I informed him I had to go aft and use the facilities prior to descend. I was gone several minutes since someone was using the lav. upon my return he said all was the same. this Captain was particularly autocratic and there had been quite a bit of tension in the cockpit. he had spent much of the trip doing the S/O'S and my job. finally passing JUDAS I asked if we HADN't received descend clearance. he said no. I persisted and asked if we SHOULDN't inquire with MSP center. he finally acquiesced; only to find he had missed the center HANDOFF. we finally re-established contact with MSP center at BITLR (MSP 086 degree radial approximately 38 Distance Measuring Equipment) intersection. we were cleared to 7000' Mean Sea Level from FL310 W/O further incident and landed normally but rushed. this incident CLRLY showed the lack of leadership by a Captain can deteriorate a crew'S performance. my company needs to establish a course for cockpit crews on resource management. this Captain did everybody else'S job including the Fahrenheit/a'S and that affected the professionalism of the rest of the crew. we left him to flounder to avoid any further lectures instead of maintaining professional vigilance.,Preoccupation
80108,WE were cleared to cross CUTTA at 10000' with all power off (at idle) and speed brakes pulled; we were not able to cross CUTTA. I told CLE center that we would not be able to get to 10000' in time to cross CUTTA as per clearance. they advised us to do the 'best we could'. this was (is) not a proper clearance given to us by Air Traffic Control. we made it to 10000 36 mile out instead of 29 mile. no conflicts of traffic. nothing said from CLE Air Traffic Control. my only comment is Air Traffic Control did not give a proper clearance; nor did they tell us to do anything else when I told them we could not make it.,Attitude;Resource Deficiency
80111,WE were eastbound on J-8 to pails intersection. we had approximately 150K of tailwind in cruise (IE; very high ground speed). we were given clearance to cross 25 Nautical Mile W of dupont VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at 24000'. the clearance came very late based on our ground speed. we started an immediate descent (from 33000') and had only reached FL310 when 25 Nautical Mile W of dupont. center was aware of the problem and gave us much more advanced warning of future crossing restrictions. since the flight was late in the evening and the winds had been high all day; I feel we could have been given more advanced warning of the first crossing restriction. I have seldom experienced such high tailwinds in flight; so perhaps I could have told center we wanted to start down early or perhaps tell them we would have a problem getting to the crossing altitude. supplemental information from ACN 80117: we were in cruise at FL330 with a 150 Knot direct tailwind and DIDN't plan our descent correctly to meet altitude restriction. supplemental information from ACN 80490: we had a 150K tailwind and DIDN't plan our descent correctly.,Physical Environment
80113,SELECTED gear down and did not work. discuss over radio with comp maintenance. recycle and reset master switch and breakers. still no gear down. slowed to 115 Knot. gear down on selector; pull hydraulic breaker; use emergency blow down bottle per checklist. got three green lights and gear unsafe light out. visual check gear by another company aircraft in area. (20 mile west nome) flew on in made normal landing. shuttle valve was not working properly. perhaps should have life limit cycle to replace? the gear is simple and easy to work on emergency system. manufacturer did good engineering job with aircraft.,Resource Deficiency
121734,ACFT left feet lauderdale; Flight Level with full fuel both tanks (60 gals). departed on left fuel tank. burned for 1 hour and switched to right tank; which burned for 2 hours; 15 minutes. switched back to left tank for what should have been another 1 hour; 30 minutes. engine quit for lack of fuel in approximately 18 minutes. switched back to right tank and engine ran normally for 10 minutes. engine again quit from lack of fuel. switched back to left tank but engine never picked up. made landing on country road with no cars on road. aircraft rolled approximately 300'; striking a mailbox with right wing. this lifted wing and put aircraft on left main wheel and nose wheel. aircraft kept rolling and I was able to make about a 20 degree turn to the right; staying on the road. the right wing tip struck several fence posts at approximately 20 MPH. this turned the plane to the right; and it ended up in a ditch with the left wing driven into fence post. no injury occurred in this incident. I believed this was caused by a faulty fuel bladder in the left wing or by a fuel leak in flight. also after checking with an a & P mechanic it could have been caused by a restrict fuel vent on the left wing. aircraft burns 11.5 GPH with 56 usable gals; giving total time in flight 4 hours; 40 minutes. total time in flight was 3 hours; 54 minutes. this trip was made many times before in 3 hours; 45 minutes on 40 gals of fuel.,Resource Deficiency
126828,IN this part of the country ZOB will give you radar advisories only to a certain point E of the western shore of lake ST clair. for some reason; they cannot hand you off to detroit approach while they are giving you Visual Flight Rules radar advisories. they have you squawk Visual Flight Rules 1200 and on your own to contact detroit approach. this leaves you very near if not almost in 3 actual time Of arrival'S while descending for an uncontrolled field in the area; while trying to contact detroit approach immediately -- and they are usually very busy. an Instrument Flight Rules clearance was then requested. Air Traffic Control took some time to get one while still flying through the area. a visual approach was issued and Instrument Flight Rules cancelled. I think that the 2 Air Traffic Control FACS should coordinate together so that Visual Flight Rules aircraft receiving radar advisories will not be put in this tight situation. also departing WBOUND Air Traffic Control will not always answer or keep advising you to contact other approach or departure controllers for Visual Flight Rules advisories while you are climbing to avoid actual time Of arrival'S and almost in if not already over the canada border line over the lake before a controller gives you a squawk code and Visual Flight Rules advisories.,Preoccupation
132299,WE had just departed DCA in an MLG. after following the NE noise abatement procedures and several vectors; we were directed Area Navigation direct daily intersection on course. after passing daily we noted that the Flight Management System was tuning only 2 stations instead of the usual 4 or 5. the Flight Management System then went into dead-reckoning. we pulled out our maps and started tuning the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range'S and correcting the course. Flight Management System had been indicating about a 70 Knot crosswind; when in fact we had 140 Knots. center advised we were 8 mile left of course and vectored us for correction. we advised them of our situation and later RPTED the Area Navigation capability inoperative. we could prevent such an incident if we backed up the Flight Management System with manual systems; however; that would defeat the whole concept of 2-Mach Number crews with high-tech computers assuming part of the workload. on a flight such as this; the only thing computers do for pilots is double the workload.,Resource Deficiency
132306,DUE to informal noise abatement procedures; the landing runway in use was 04. several aircraft (air carrier LGT and air carrier WDB) RPTED wind at 300' above ground as 230 degree at 25 and 38 Knots. 1 pilot even referred to the runway of arrival as dangerous. when the pilot RPTS were relayed to the supervisor in charge; he stated that W/O 50 operations per hour (the magic #); we would not be able to land on a runway more aligned with the wind; and would continue to land on runway 04. he did agree to land on runways 29R and left; however; the surface wind was 130 degree at 9 Knots (illegal to land on runway 29'S). it is my opinion that due to the wind; the only safe choice would have been to land on runways 11R and left. while I am all for noise abatement; I do believe safety should be the #2 priority. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following: RPTR advised that he was the tower Controller In Charge controller; and that the information was passed on to him by the local controller. the supervisor was the area manager in the Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility. a noise sensitive community is located NW of the airport; and ARRS to runways 11 are discouraged. an informed noise abatement policy exists and specified that if 50 or more aircraft (arrival and departure) per hour; then runways most aligned with the wind are to be used. if there are less than 50; they will attempt to avoid landing aircraft on runways 11. a formal runway use program is being developed at this time by the airport managed. the pilot complaints were made by the aircraft on the ground after landing.,Other;Physical Environment
132314,A collision hazard exists and is caused by improper airspace management procedures. there is a high VOL of aircraft requesting Visual Flight Rules practice Inertial Navigation System approaches to a user-drawn Nondirectional Radio Beacon-like approach to a commercial radio station. this broadcast station beacon is located at a point approximately 5 Statute Mile E of PRC. these aircraft enter the traffic pattern at an angle and altitude that creates a high collision hazard with aircraft arriving and departing runway 21. runway 21 is the calm wind runway and is in use the majority of time. additionally; there are a large amount of aircraft requesting Visual Flight Rules practice approaches on the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range-a procedure to PRC. these aircraft are in conflict (opposite direction) with those making the approach from the E on the user drawn Nondirectional Radio Beacon-like procedure; particularly on the missed approach segment of the procedures. PRC tower is a non-radar Visual Flight Rules tower facility. the facility is already highly taxed with a large VOL of traffic. the tower is unable to provide any kind of meaningful traffic information to these aircraft. contributing factors: management has instructed the controllers at PRC tower to restrict the inbound traffic on the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range-a approach procedure to at or above 6500' Mean Sea Level; and the inbound traffic on the opposite side of the airport on the Nondirectional Radio Beacon-type approach to at or above 7000' Mean Sea Level. this is a very dangerous procedure as the traffic is not in level flight; but actually descending and climbing throughout the procedure--particularly the portion of the procedure that is within the actual time Of arrival. (note: the actual time Of arrival at love field extends up to approximately 8000' Mean Sea Level.) (see attached sheets.) the controllers can always deny the approach to the users; however they are under pressure both from management and peer pressure to approve this type of operation. additionally; most controllers at PRC are at their first facility; they follow instructions from seemingly more experienced peers and do not question management'S decisions and instructions--even though sometimes; as in this example; hazards are introduced into the system. corrective actions: notify users that the user-drawn Nondirectional Radio Beacon approach is no longer valid. suggest to users that they draw an approach somewhere that is outside of the actual time Of arrival. PRC has no Nondirectional Radio Beacon approach. it is not really necessary that a Nondirectional Radio Beacon approach terminate at an airport. this should have little impact on TRNING. management should be counseled that practice Inertial Navigation System approaches constitute a special hazard. at present the management of PRC tower states that these operations are 'just another way of entering the traffic pattern.' this is not true. during a practice Inertial Navigation System approach; the safety pilot'S view is restrict by the Pilot Flying wearing a view restricting device. many incidents have pointed to the need for extra precautions (reference Aeronautical Information Manual paragraph 244). additionally; these aircraft enter the traffic pattern at unsafe angles and altitudes.,Other;Pressure
132537,ON departure from JFK runway 31L; breezy point departure; turned left to 240 degree direct to canarsie VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range (CRI). tower was late switching us to departure. we were indicating over CRI VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and starting our turn to the OUTBND radial when departure control contact was made and they indicated that we were 6 mile E of the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. we were given 250 degree heading to fly for climb. our indicators had us over the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range while departure indicated that we were 6 mile E of the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. no other navigation discrepancies were observed through the remainder of the FLTS.,Resource Deficiency
132546,A mental lapse caused the problem. I violated airspace at a sector that I had worked approximately 1 hour before. the conflict alert discovered the CONFLICTION. callback conversation with reporter revealed the following: reporter advised that both aircraft were ACRS. the aircraft he was working had been issued a descent into the next controller'S airspace. he was then relieved from the sector for a break and forgot to brief the new controller that a HANDOFF had not been made. he learned of the conflict when he returned from his break. he did not know why the next controller did not take action to separate the aircraft when conflict alert activated; but suspects that there was not much time to prevent a loss of separation. reporter states that incident occurred at FL310 with aircraft at 1600' and 4.6 mile apart.,Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
132559,I cleared ATX x to cross 20 W FTZ at 8000. some minutes later I cleared ATX x to descend and maintain 9000. according to the tape the pilot read back; 'roger; descend right on down to 9000 and cross 20 out at 8'. all I heard on the READBACK was descend to 9000. callback conversation with reporter revealed the following: reporter was vectoring ATX x for spacing behind air carrier Y. he had issued a clearance to ATX x to descend to cross 20 W FTZ at and maintain 8000. he then instructed ATX x to descend and maintain 9000. reporter observed ATX x leaving 8700; conflict alert activated; and he instructed ATX x to climb back to 9000.,Communication Environment
132561,ALLENTOWN; Public Address approach control working air carrier x from PHL to HPN. controller gave turn direct STW VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. just as turn was started; controller called traffic 'SMT Y at 12 O'clock; opposite direction 5200' descending.' I looked up and there he was. we both evaded right. asked controller if he was working the SMT. confirmed he was. no explanation asked for--none offered.,Attitude
132574,JUST after leveling off at FL370 after HVQ VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; while reducing thrust; #2 engine let out a cannon-like explosion. I pulled the throttle back and did the failure checklist. weather excellent; plane was light; traffic was light; could almost see destination DCA. know that airport and emergency FACS; so elected to continue with 2 good ENGS and not land at HVQ airport since I know very little about it. my dispatcher and crew agreed. I send this in only because I know Federal Aviation Administration will try their best to say we did something wrong. everything turned out fine; with crash people standing by; etc.,Familiarity;Resource Deficiency
166805,WINDS at BRD were variable from 270 to 310 degree at about 15 Knots; favoring runway 23 for larger aircraft but runway 30 for light aircraft. we announced on Common Traffic Advisory Frequency/UNICOM (frequency 122.7) that we were taxiing for departure on runway 23; with no response from any traffic in the area. while on the ground short of runway 23; we received our Instrument Flight Rules clearance from MSP center. no traffic was observed; but we announced our intentions on Common Traffic Advisory Frequency/UNICOM (again with no response); then taxied onto runway 23 and departed. while on the takeoff roll we heard a radio query from a single engine SMA that had aborted his simultaneous takeoff on runway 30. we were already well above our V1 decision speed by that time; so we continued our departure. he had come to a stop about 1/4 mile short of the 12/30 and 05/23 runway intersection. we XED the runway intersection at about 100-200' above ground level. no evasive action was taken or required on our part. the end of runway 30 is obscured by trees and is not visible from the end of runway 23. the SMA pilot stated to UNICOM that he had made a departure announcement; but we never heard it. perhaps he made his announcement while I; as Pilot Not Flying; was talking on communication #2 with company (for weight and balance closeout) or with MSP center (for Instrument Flight Rules clearance). in either case; the Pilot Flying should have heard him on communication #1 (Common Traffic Advisory Frequency/UNICOM); which was continuously monitored. why the SMA pilot DIDN't say anything during the 15-20 secs it took us to taxi onto the runway and complete our checklist is unknown. factors which may have contributed to reduced vigilance on our part were: fatigue caused by the previous six legs of a ten leg day (8.0 hours flying; 13.4 hours on duty with no break for meals; etc); and previous ground delays which had put us behind schedule.,Communication Environment;Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Physical Factors
166824,I was on a pleasure flight in a rented SMA with passenger; flying direct to keene; NH; from mansfield; ma; (1B9). I overflew worcester airport at 2200' Mean Sea Level; believing it to be fitchburg airport; my first major CHKPOINT. as I arrived there sooner then expected; I checked in my airport directory; noted that the runways were different and at that time realized I was S of course and over a controled field. I put down at orange; ma; and checked my flight plan and realized I had forgotten to include the magnetic variation in my computations. I was also too absorbed in close terrain features and did not see the larger picture.,Preoccupation;Proficiency
166828,WHEN handed over to the ast sector (sea Air Route Traffic Control Center); we continued to have problems receiving center XMISSIONS; which we advised them of. (no problems receiving was encountered with previous sectors.) we tried both communication radios. past ILWAC intersection; we were cleared for the Instrument Landing System 26 approach into ast. we were in Instrument Meteorological Conditions conditions at that time and were negative Distance Measuring Equipment. we started our times at ILWAC and proceeded inbound on V112 (from the n). we asked center if they wanted us to climb from 3000 to 4300'; which was the approach altitude because we knew there is high terrain S of the airport. we received no response. we broke out into Visual Flight Rules conditions with negative contact of the airport. our time showed that we should be nearly over the airport (and VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range) and decided because of terrain we should begin our climb to 4300' (we had been cleared for the approach). we climbed to the approach altitude of 4300'. 1 minute later; ZSE queried us: '..U altitude?' (almost unreadable). XYU: 'XYU is at 4300.' ZSE: '..U...initial AP...fix.' XYU: 'ZSE; you are unreadable for XYU. we are Visual Meteorological Conditions and will cancel Instrument Flight Rules and proceed with the approach Marginal Visual Flight Rules conditions.' ZSE: 'x...1200 frequency...day.' XYU: 'XYU squawking 1200; good day.' we proceeded with the approach and had no problem talking with the traffic at ast. when looking at the approach plate; there is an IAE on vector 27 19 mile out. it is for the Distance Measuring Equipment arc or the 328 degree right and it requires an altitude of 4000' Mean Sea Level. we were on vector 112; 280 degree right. the only Initial Approach Fix from our ARWY is at the Nondirectional Radio Beacon (kasper 201 pen); and it requires a crossing altitude of 4300' OUTBND for terrain clearance. we began our climb outside the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range instead of waiting. we thought we were close to crossing it. we later figured we had a 20 Knot headwind; instead of the calm winds that were RPTED at our altitude. ast is not a busy airport and center had cleared us for the approach 15 mile out. center should have given us a higher altitude then. we asked center for higher when we expected to get it; but we DIDN't receive a response. we climbed because we thought the approach clearance was a clearance to the approach altitude since it was higher than our en route altitude.,Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency
166833,AFTER takeoff from sarasota I was to climb to 1600' Mean Sea Level. instead I climbed to 600' and told approach I was at 1600'. my transponder even said 600' but I insisted I was at 1600'. they told me to turn altitude RPTING off and then I received a clearance to climb to 4000'. as I went through 1000' I realized my error. I should have noticed the wrong reading of the altimeter but DIDN't as all of my flying is around 1000' Mean Sea Level takeoffs. also I should have noticed how low I was to the ground.,Proficiency
166834,TAKING off using 'dial-a-flap' setting of 24 degree. when throttles were advanced for takeoff; false 'slat' aural warning sounded. rejected takeoff at less than 20 Knots. taxied clear of runway and reset flap/slat handle and 'dial-a-flap' wheel. subsequent takeoff was uneventful. this is an aggravating anomaly of the MLG when using flap setting of 24 degree for takeoff. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information. 24 degree flap is used when the aircraft is very light. company is aware of the problem and is considering discontinuing the use of 24 degree. RPTR stated that when conditions warrant the use of 24 degree he has the Fahrenheit/O set 23 degree or very carefully position the selector to 24. the more normal flap setting of 15 degree is used for the heavier takeoff weights and is primarily based on sec segment climb performance.,Resource Deficiency
166907,AT 5000' being vectored for visibility to runway 10 at BWI; advised of traffic at 10 O'clock at 4200'. unable to spot traffic and asked again about his position. 11 O'clock climbing 4700' 1 1/2 mile. (converging course) I asked for vectors away; at same time I spotted traffic coming towards us. Air Traffic Control advised a left turn. I was already in a descending right turn and advised Air Traffic Control of such. we missed by about 1/4 mile or so. would've hit the SMA otherwise. SMA was climbing through our altitude coming at us from 11 O'clock. Air Traffic Control provided no indication of converging except to tell us he (other aircraft) was E-NE bound; then provided bad turn. did not seem concerned. SMA was within Terminal Control Area limits. controller workload appeared very light.,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
166909,OUR clearance was a tight but MAKEABLE crossing NE of ELW. we were told to continue our DSNT to 2500' and call the field in sight. upon breaking out of the clouds we were on an offset final to a similar direction runway and called the field in sight. with clearance for a visibility approach we continued to descend for landing. shortly thereafter GSP approach advised we must have the wrong airport. they vectored us on the approximately same heading and 15 mile to GSP.,Other
166979,I was told on the tower frequency that I could contact fayetteville approach on the ground on 128.15 to pick up a clearance that had been previously filed. I contacted fayetteville approach after the RUNUP and requested my clearance. the controller asked if I would be departing to the n; to which I replied affirmatively. he then said that the clearance was on request. he returned shortly and I copied my clearance which was: direct RZC the RZC 350 degree right until notified; then as filed; climb to and maintain 8000'; departure frequency of 128.15; squawk 1520; and 'hold until release.' just before approach called I noticed that the attitude indicator was not erect. approach called with my release at this time. I said that I was going to cancel; but when I brought the Revolutions Per Minute up to taxi back to the terminal the attitude indicator erected. I realized that the Revolutions Per Minute had been too low in idle to maintain the necessary vacuum so I asked to be RERELEASED and the controller complied with the clearance for takeoff. since the clouds had some rime ice; I attempted to climb through them quickly to the tops which were at about 5000'. at about the RZC VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; just before I was going to initially contact the controller in the air; he called and asked my altitude; I replied 4900' and he replied that I had 'busted my altitude' and to return to 4000' immediately which I did within 20-30 secs. he said that there was a conflict with an airplane on approach to another airport and that the takeoff release had included a restriction for 4000' and that I needed to 'listen up.' after a few more minutes at 4000'; I was cleared to 8000' and handed off to another controller. the flight was completed W/O further unusual incident. the controller either did not issued the 4000' altitude restriction; or in the confusion with the attitude indicator; I missed the restriction. in neither case; did I acknowledge receipt of the instruction although I did acknowledge the receipt of the release. I did not observe another airplane although I was briefly in the clear before descending back to 4000'. if the controller had insisted on acknowledgement of the clearance instruction; this could have been avoided. there seemed to be lot of activity and conflict between this airport and other local airports; I noticed it on the morning of 1/91 as well as on the night before when I had come in had to hold.,Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
166994,AT cable airport for fly-in I called for weather in san diego and el cajon. an on shore flow put gillespie field below Visual Flight Rules minimums. another pilot told me he had called ramona and his wife said the sky was open. when I arrived it was solid overcast. we look for openings in overcast and did not find any. at that time we turned back to go to french valley airport which was Visual Flight Rules. half way back I became concerned that we would not have enough fuel if we ran into any problems; so we turned toward the coast and contacted palomar tower; told them our problem and they told Air Traffic Control who took over and brought us down over the water and vector us to palomar airport. our altitude was 600' Mean Sea Level when we broke out of the overcast. the airports lights were turned up and they blinked them to make sure we saw the runway. we made a low altitude approach to runway 6 and made a normal landing. when we refueled on sunday 1/91; we took on 22 gals of fuel. total fuel tank capacity was 27 gals. palomar tower and san diego approach control were extremely professional; concerned; calm and very quick to respond to my problem. I can't say enough to express my thanks to these very professional controllers. there attitude kept me calm and confident.,Physical Environment
167000,AT FL350 .75 mach the CAPTS window (left-1) shattered (outer pane). we declared an emergency; slowed the aircraft and descended to FL180 at 250 Knots Indicated Airspeed. all checklist were accomplished and the flight was terminated at denver uneventfully. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information. RPTR stated he had never seen this happen before. he looked toward the Captain and saw a bubbling of the film layer between panes of window. as he and Captain watched bubbling increased all across the window; a crack appeared in upper left and moved across the window. suddenly the whole outer pane shattered with a terrible noise. it did not separate from the aircraft.,Resource Deficiency
167058,I experienced complete electrical failure over a solid overcast layer. this was due to alternator failure and battery drain. after estimating my position and descending to the Minimum Enroute Altitude (2400') and remaining Instrument Meteorological Conditions; I initiated a climb above the overcast layer and made a 180 degree turn to return to the last known Visual Flight Rules conditions. after Visual Flight Rules conditions found; I followed an interstate in attempting to find the closest airport (gadsden; al). after manually cranking down the gear; we were able to land safely at gadsden; and notify the nearest Flight Service Station by phone of the situation and action taken. until this problem; I was unaware that a very slight discharge shown on the ammeter will result in a batter discharge. the alternator/electrical system had supposedly been repaired in asheville; NC prior to departure. the use of a hand-held navigate/communication unit could have enabled me to continue the Instrument Flight Rules flight with course guidance and communication.,Resource Deficiency
167065,AFTER a normal takeoff from JHM; we climbed to approximately 1500' Mean Sea Level. before starting a crosswind turn to the left; Fahrenheit/O and I carefully cleared the area to the right; ahead; and to the left. then Fahrenheit/O started a left turn to our crosswind. our CLBOUT heading was approximately 030 degree. Fahrenheit/O had completed approximately 100 degree of turn to a heading of about 290 degree when the incident occurred. a single engine aircraft crossed from our 3 O'clock across to our 11 O'clock; above us and moving to our left. the pilot did not make radio contact with JHM UNICOM until later. he had crossed the airport'S runway'S CENTERLINE; until he had crossed our crosswind departure line; and not until he had almost hit us. he stated over the radio that he never saw us. I advised him to contact UNICOM earlier in his RTING to do more to avoid this sort of thing. he was moving from behind us and at a higher speed and never saw us. if he had used his radio and his eyes more fully; we could have been safer and better able to avoid this sort of very dangerous conduct.,Proficiency
167104,GEAR would not retract. contacted maintenance. the problem still persisted. returned and landed. the problem might have been avoided if the checklist was more specific.,Resource Deficiency
167106,DUE to snow cover on assigned runway 17L; I inadvertently landed on the clean runway; 17R. on final I noticed snow removal equipment crossing the runway; but was told by tower to expect that; so it set off no alarm in my mind and it was Federal Aviation Regulation enough away that it presented no hazard in my judgement. after landing; I realized I as on the wrong runway and immediately advised the tower (they never even noticed my whereabouts until I called them); however; it was my mistake. I feel I was focusing too much attention on the student I was instructing and not enough on the big picture.,Physical Environment;Preoccupation
167112,I flew a normal Instrument Landing System approach to a normal landing; using normal reverse thrust. at 80 Knots; about halfway down the runway tower asked us to turn at the high speed turnoff. the Captain took the aircraft at 80 Knots and applied brakes but could not slow enough to make turnoff. I told tower we could not make high speed turnoff; but we would make next one. an MLG x landed and said; 'LGT Y is still on the runway.' we had blown a tire which accounts for our reduced braking. taxied to gate normally.,Resource Deficiency
167159,LOST steering control while in turn out of gate. stopped aircraft to determine problem. started second engine to regain hydraulic power for steering control. returned to gate.,Resource Deficiency
195974,WHILE in training I assigned 13000 to a departing air carrier x and did not realize that a WBOUND air taxi would not be laterally separated before vertical could be achieved.,Proficiency
197958,CAPT #1 main window outer panel failed INFLT while cruising at 33000. we declared an emergency; made a rapid descent to 10000 feet and made a precautionary landing at ama. cabin pressurization remained normal; and there were no injuries.,Resource Deficiency
198092,WE were being towed from gate when for some unknown reason tow bar bent and tug hit aircraft.,Resource Deficiency
198123,GEAR collapse after landing at hull field.,Resource Deficiency
198134,ON final 9L at mia international airport approximately 5 Nautical Mile out; the 'red cargo smoke' central warning light came on with the other associated warnings. quick reference handbook procedure was followed. flight manual part 1 procedure was followed: an emergency was declared and emergency equipment was requested. an emergency evacuate/evacuation procedure on the ground was reviewed and prepared following the quick reference handbook. the before landing check was completed. an uneventful landing was made. evacuate/evacuation of the aircraft on the ground was accomplished. no injuries to passenger and crew members resulted; no damage to the airplane occurred.,Resource Deficiency
198159,I had been taking instrument instruction for approximately 1 1/2 hours; with approaches the main training. we landed. the instructor left for another student. I took off from E at kansas city airport and made an approach for independence airport. landing gear stuck half way down resulting in damage on impact. if landing gear light was in more visible spot; might have gone around and hand cranked gear down.,Resource Deficiency
198160,AFTER takeoff on 27R; departure control gave us 'left turn to 180 degree climb to 14000.' during the turn passing 10000; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave Traffic Advisory; then Resolution Advisory 'descend.' we had traffic visually at 2 O'clock; about 5 mile; slightly high. at about same time as Resolution Advisory; departure asked if we had been assigned 10000. we replied 'no; 14000.' when queried; controller could not recall if he had issued clearance to 10000 or 14000. traffic passed off our right about 5 mile; no conflict.,Attitude
198188,RECEIVED Traffic Advisory on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. several seconds later received Resolution Advisory on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. had visual at this point. missed by approximately 400 feet. we were at 11000/250 Knots WBOUND; other aircraft at 10000 feet EBOUND. second aircraft also was air carrier aircraft -- either LGT or WDB; was on frequency 119.05 Megahertz. told approach control about problem (near miss). he asked if I was at 11000 feet. said either aircraft was at 10000 feet. approach control did not call this near miss to our attention. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II is what alerted us to incident. elapsed time approximately 6 seconds. why DIDN't Air Traffic Control get alarm?,Resource Deficiency
198192,DURING taxi in; left wing tip came in contact with a deice truck. the aircraft was in proper position and following the lead. also 2 wing tip walkers were present at each wing. there was no signal given that the wing would not clear the truck. I believe the very dark ramp area was the main cause.,Physical Environment
198236,WHILE taxiing to runway 21C for takeoff; we used the inner and transitioned to the outer 'x' at O3. the yellow 'outer-x' signs are located on the E side of 'outer-x' but adjacent and prior to runway 21C. they CLRLY indicate that 21C is the outer-x! less than 1/2 mile farther down the runway 2 air carrier Y jets collided after one became confused at the TAXIWAY/runway markings and entered the active runway! after entering the TAXIWAY I asked ground to verify that we were actually on the outer. he replied that we were and that those signs are 'kind of confusing' out there! they are not confusing! they CLRLY are wrong! lucky for us it was clear. the air carrier Y crews did not enjoy the good visibility. this is another accident waiting to happen.,Resource Deficiency
198243,FLT from seattle tacoma international to portland; or; landed 10R exit S-5 TAXIWAY. taxi to gate after shutdown turned propellers through noticed damage to left propeller. 2 blades 3 inches off one tip and second bent back other 2 blades not damaged. on taxi noticed no unusual sounds. portland tower and ground personnel had received report that a taxi light was damaged at S5. weather conditions at the time was fog 3000 Runway Visual Range. the Captain has ground control with tiller. at time of proposed strike and propeller damage ground control advised us to taxi behind jet traffic approaching from left to right at S5 taxi. supplemental information from ACN 198350. was informed the next day that we are suspected of hitting a TAXIWAY light.,Resource Deficiency
198247,THERE has been started a NDW procedure to deice/anti-ice MLG series aircraft by local policy at xxx airlines. this is in reference to the problem MLG aircraft have with ice forming on the upper wings and breaking off on takeoff and being ingested into the ENGS. the local policy is to use unheated mixture of GYCOL in a 2.5 gallon garden sprayer to apply to the wing surfaces. this procedure does not have the heat to remove and melt ice formed on the wing surface so does not remove ice from the wing surface if present. this policy was started to save GYCOL that is 'wasted' on aircraft. I have not been personally involved with this and have not used this procedure but see the problem that this does present for future operations. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information. mechanic RPTR indicates this policy is strictly a local policy at his maintenance station made by local management. it is his declaration that the cold GLYCOL cannot do the job sprayed from a garden hose. RPTR feels company had gone too Federal Aviation Regulation in attempting to save money and not waste GYCOL.,Other
229917,PASSING 18000 feet on rapid climb through turbulence; experienced loud successive 'chugging' of right engine; verified by fluctuating EPR readings. reduced power to idle in accordance with engine malfunction procedure and leveled at FL210. as First Officer and Pilot Flying; I flew and communicated while Captain read through abnormal procedure. we surmised compressor stalls and slowly advanced throttle up to 1.2 EPR and compressor stalls started again. retarded throttle to idle and shut down right engine in accordance with published procedure. Captain declared an emergency and center gave us a vector direct to washington national airport (our point of departure). Captain took control of aircraft during descent and made a smooth; uneventful landing on runway 36 at DCA. supplemental information from ACN 229982: at time of shutdown; aircraft was close to IAD; RIC; and DCA. aircraft TRANSITTED IAD approach control airspace on return to DCA. controllers questioned why we were returning to DCA and not landing at IAD. I gave them no reason. I exercised my emergency authority and overflew the 'nearest' suitable airport and landed at DCA.,Resource Deficiency
230096,ACR x; an MLG; departed SRQ climbing to 10000 Mean Sea Level. I observed the mode Celsius of this aircraft go from 3000 to 6200 for a period of 2 sweeps of my radar and then return to 3200 and resumed normal readout. this is a serious safety problem that TPA approach has been experiencing for Federal Aviation Regulation too longitude. it must be corrected before something bad happens.,Resource Deficiency
230098,ACFT was tracking se to NW 8 mile NE of SRQ VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range level at 7500 feet. Automated Radar Terminal Systems data block kept going to 8500 feet. Automated Radar Terminal Systems went back and forth between 7500 and 8500 for about 15 mile of aircraft'S flight.,Resource Deficiency
230101,AFTER the Captain'S PRE-takeoff brief. we took off on runway 35L at den. power and all CALLOUTS were normal until the 'positive rate; gear up' call. when I put the gear up; we heard a 'bang!' vibration shook the aircraft. a roll and yaw into the right engine followed at between 100-200 feet above ground level. the Captain asked which one is it? and I stated 'the right one.' Captain called 'ignition override; check fuel system.' we climbed to about 6000 feet Mean Sea Level and began to run the checklist for an engine failure. the engine (right) was developing power; but at a reduced rate. we went through the engine failure checklist and single engine in-range landing. maximum altitude was 7200 feet Mean Sea Level. after landing; braking and left engine thrust reverse was normal (as all hydraulic system functions) until braking was needed at end of runway. we had no hydraulic power to the brakes (the accumulator charge was gone). we rolled off the end of the runway at a low speed and the aircraft came to rest short of a taxiway. we did not know we had lost hydraulic pressure for there was no ANNUNCIATOR light. the thrust REVERSER of the right engine had fallen off tearing out wiring and hydraulic lines. with no warning(S) we did not have the clues for additional failures. further; we did not know that the thrust REVERSER had fallen off so; without that airborne information; we COULDN't determine what was wrong. we went on information at hand. loss of thrust REVERSER right engine. loss of hydraulic fluid due to lines being exposed. loss of brakes due to above circumstances. supplemental information from ACN 230445: a flash of the master caution for approximately 1 sec followed by a flash of the right reverse unlock light were the only cockpit indications that we got. the brakes failed at 80 Knots. we departed the runway at the departure end to the left to avoid a fence. we did a 180 degree turn using reverse thrust from the left engine. the left main gear sunk in a ditch which stopped the aircraft.,Resource Deficiency
230230,DURING an Instrument Flight Rules flight from alliance; NE; to rockford; IL; I experienced loss of oil pressure on the left engine of an SMA. I immediately requested vectors to the nearest airport which was sac city (ski). during the descent to landing; the oil pressure dropped to red line on the left engine so I shut it down and feathered the propeller. I experienced no other difficulties during the flight. the next day (I waited for daylight to inspect the cause); the mechanic and I discovered that the throttle cable was resting against the oil filter. it appeared that; over time; engine vibration had caused the throttle cable to rub a hole in the oil filter causing the loss of pressure when it finally broke through. the mechanic replaced the filter and secured the throttle so it WOULDN't occur again. this problem could not be seen during a PREFLT because it requires removing the cowling to see the filter and throttle cable. I believe this problem would never have occurred if the mechanic that performed the previous 100 hour inspection had properly secured the throttle cable instead of allowing it to rest on the oil filter.,Resource Deficiency
230234,#3 engine start valve opened INFLT. declared an emergency. contacted dispatch and MSP maintenance control. performed precautionary engine shutdown. returned to MSP airport and landed with emergency equipment standing by. all other operations normal.,Resource Deficiency
230237,BEGINNING with the loading of the aircraft. according to the cargo load report; bin #2 was overloaded by 90 pounds. the passenger placement CONFIGN was also out of envelope parameters which was initially indicated by the first center of gravity computation. the Captain was informed of the problem and responded immediately for correction. the flight continued normally from taxi to approach. during the intermediate approach portion I did ask the Captain when he was going to blow the boots. he indicated that 1/4-1/2 inch ice was not significant enough to cycle the boots. final approach fix was reached and before landing check complete. I again queried the Captain on blowing the boots. he again indicated there was no need. the approach continued to the landing flare at which point I initiated back pressure for round off of the flare. the plane responded slightly; as I continued to exert back pressure for the flare. the plane landed hard with structural failure of the right main gear. we skidded and braked to a complete stop on the right side of the runway. the plane was shut down and evacuated. no fatalities or injuries.,Resource Deficiency
230264,AFTER arrival at S shore practice area; while reducing throttle setting; engine began to run rough. attempted to remedy the situation with application of full carburetor heat. unable to resolve engine difficulty. placed throttle and carburetor heat in most desirable setting for situation and contacted ny approach on 121.5 due to frequency congestion and requested permission to enter ARSA and land.,Resource Deficiency
230293,WHEN we attempted a takeoff from runway 21 at CHS; the First Officer was flying. V1 was 101 Knots. upon reaching approximately 95 Knots; the #2 engine started to bypass fuel; resulting in a loss of between 10-15 percent torque. this caused a noticeable yaw to the right. the First Officer called 'malfunction.' I called 'reject' and took command of the airplane. we instructed CHS tower we wished to taxi back to conduct a run-up. during the run-up; all engine parameters were normal and the previous condition could not be reproduced. we proceeded with another takeoff and completed it successfully.,Resource Deficiency
230308,WHILE working the final position at TPA I noticed two erroneous mode Celsius readouts. the first one was on air carrier x on the TPA 002/7.69. I observed the mode Celsius to be 999 for 1 sweep and then the aircraft went into Central Standard Time for 1 sweep. the aircraft was in a descent when this occurred. this aircraft was around 3000 feet descending when this occurred. the second occurrence was with air carrier Y on the TPA 018/15.19 descending through 6000 feet. this aircraft was observed to be in a Central Standard Time status for 2 sweeps.,Resource Deficiency
260052,WHILE taxiing for departure the nose gear collapsed. damage to propeller. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states aircraft is a cessna 210 which had a nose gear DOWNLOCK spring installed improperly at the factory. the DOWNLOCK spring has a 't' shape device which wraps around it and the 'ears' of the 't' were broken. this allowed the nose gear to be in a 'stuck' down position; but not locked down; as the spring did not engage. RPTR very upset as he is meticulous about maintenance and teaches flight safety for AOPA. asked if visible on PREFLT; RPTR stated no; it could never be seen. in addition; it would only be picked up on an annual if the mechanic was aware of the problem. he would need a flashlight and mirror to check the part. RPTR'S mechanic has been dealing with manufacturer; and apparently; the same problem has occurred on the cessna 172 RG and the cessna 182 RG. damage to aircraft was minimal as speed was slow.,Resource Deficiency
260220,ON this day; I was working arrival radar with 2 sectors combined. traffic was heavy due to a holiday WKEND and we had been busy all day. I had worked several OVERFLTS and had handed them off to the next sector. as aircraft left my airspace; I no longer watched the data tags. I had forgotten about a single engine aircraft Y NBOUND at 9000 feet handing off but still in my airspace. I descended an air carrier on the arrival to 9000 feet. I then started to give a relief briefing to the next controller. I did not include the single engine aircraft Y because I was no longer watching the data tag. the air carrier x RPTED responding to a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II alert and RPTED the other aircraft visually. the air carrier x passed behind the single engine aircraft Y.,Preoccupation
260224,NEAR miss. my Celsius-402 almost ran over Celsius-207 on a flight back from grand canyon airport to las. it was 20 minutes before sunset. my training pilot and I could not see into the setting sun 11 to 12 O'clock. I called on the radio to the Celsius-207 for his position. both the Celsius-207 and the Celsius-402 had 1 VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range to use and visual CHKPOINTS. the visual CHKPOINTS were not much help because countryside looks the same. we saw the Celsius-207 1130 to 12 O'clock ahead and pulled up. we flew over it about 100 to 150 feet. I am going to get a better pair of sunglasses for the sun glare.,Physical Environment
260226,ON approach to runway 31 at LNS; I had difficulty seeing the airport. I suddenly spotted the airport and was still in a position to land but needed to descend quickly. as I was about to lower the landing gear; the tower called and commanded a go around because of gear being up. I did go around and came back in for uneventful landing.,Physical Factors
260236,WHILE taxiing off runway 31R onto taxiway 18; we received instructions to cross runway 35R; turn left on lima; and contact ground control. being unfamiliar with that area of the airport; I looked down at the airport diagram. the Captain asked for the after landing checklist and if we were cleared to cross. neither of us understood the clearance completely. I asked the tower to 'say again' at least 1 more time and it may have been twice. since we were already crossing runway 35R; we heard cleared to cross again ('anticipating' 35L) and still looking for taxiway lima. when we found ourselves at kilo; we both realized that lima was behind us and the runway we had just crossed was an active runway without clearance. other factors: neither the Captain nor I had been in that area of the airport before. it was the Captain'S first landing in that type of aircraft. I am a low-time First Officer in that type of airplane. anticipation -- normally when told to switch to ground control at most airports; you are cleared to cross active runways. supplemental information from ACN 260235: I did not know where 'lima' was and asked copilot. he was looking up maps and doing after landing CHKLISTS and did not answer. I looked for lima sign but did not see one. an aircraft was on short final for runway 35R so I was trying to hustle a heavy ship across and probably missed the lima sign between runway 35R/35L (I assume it'S there). we received clearance again to turn left on lima -- now I had a mindset it was on the other side of runway 35L. we both looked and saw no aircraft on runway 35L and continued across. I also thought that because we were on ground; he hand crossed us. it also was my first landing after training in this craft. I was also trying to adjust my cockpit lights (which I could not find). I should have stopped the moment I was not absolutely sure of the clearance. although we had taxi maps handy; lima was not easily apparent to us. I believe I heard what I expected; 'cross 35L;' not what the controller said; because it was the second or third clearance to cross.,Familiarity
260353,SIT: Instrument Meteorological Conditions. total electrical failure except gear landing light on only after down. therefore; loss of all communication and navigate. there was no indication of ammeter discharge. flew E to known Visual Flight Rules and descended below clouds. dead reckoning to airport. unable to determine exact position; but knew general vicinity. had backup electrical but that failed (too much power draw). exact positioning: due exactly where we were at failure; but had to guess position afterwards. difficulty in lowering landing gear by hand. critical to have sectionals as well as Instrument Flight Rules charts of area TRANSVERSED. cause of electrical still undetermined. retrospectively; I should have had HANDHELD to negate the failure of backup electrical since it seems the navigate/communication was at fault or short somewhere that COULDN't be isolated by closing off switches. I had no training for such occurrences; but have read extensively on Instrument Flight Rules procedures. I would suspect more training is placed on such procedures.,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
260354,DATE of incident began with unwanted wake-up at hotel about XA00 am from loud disturbance outside room by hotel guests apparently retiring after party on lower level. unable to go back to sleep; anticipating XB00 am wake-up call. cockpit PREFLT found Ground Proximity Warning System fail light inoperative. found bulbs missing; replaced bulbs; then tested normal. clearance obtained; CHKLISTS completed. after boarding passenger; closed cabin door and had entire aircraft DE-iced. during CLBOUT shortly after takeoff; Ground Proximity Warning System 'terrain' warning sounded frequently but intermittently; with radio altimeter needle jumping wildly between 0 feet to 2500 feet altitude indications. climb continued at maximum power used for takeoff; and 'terrain' warnings continued; creating concern as well as distraction. ottawa Standard Instrument Departure called for flying runway heading for radar vectors to 5000 feet. additionally; noise abatement procedures suggested climb to 3000 feet before proceeding on course. although the 'terrain' warnings were experienced on previous occasions following deicing; passing approximately 2000 feet Mean Sea Level; began right turn toward yup beacon; knowing terrain was lower toward S. departure controller later gave a heading for direct SYR; which was acknowledged; then inquired as to the right turn; instead of maintaining runway heading per the Standard Instrument Departure. First Officer replied turn was made toward the yup beacon; but did not indicate turn prompted by Ground Proximity Warning System warnings. controller then responded; 'ok.' obviously; the turn resulted in deviation from the published Standard Instrument Departure. Ground Proximity Warning System warnings finally ceased above 10000 feet Mean Sea Level about the time pulling circuit breakers was discussed (per AFM procedures). throughout departure and CLBOUT; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II display showed no conflict with any other aircraft. flight continued routinely to destination airport. in hindsight; would have been appropriate to advise controller of warnings by Ground Proximity Warning System; and requesting right turn prior to commencing same.,Resource Deficiency
260358,ACFT came into ATL for maintenance. aircraft was RPTED to have a rumbling sound. aircraft is an MD80. the #1 engine was ran and a vibration survey was done and the vibration check was good. the accessories were inspected for security and no defects were found. the main oil filter was pulled along with the gear box chip detector and no metal was noted. engine was spun for leak check and no leaks were noted.,Resource Deficiency
260363,TFC called 12 O'clock by approach. we acquired its landing light almost 10 seconds prior to Near Midair Collision. traffic (mooney executive) passed off our left as we had to make a right turn to avoid it. he never saw us! even with Air Traffic Control radar; you have to 'see' to 'avoid.',Proficiency
260371,TAXIING from the ramp at LAF at night. made a wrong turn and crossed runway 10/28; the active at the time. there was no sign to indicate which runway I was crossing. I cleared both directions before crossing. we were the only aircraft on the field at the time. no mention on the Automatic Terminal Information Service of signs being out or construction on the ramp area. the controller DIDN't question us; it was I who brought the situation up after I had crossed the active runway. commuter operations of 3 days of heavy flying; reduced rest; no runway signs and busy doing last minute commuter paper work changes; all contributed to the runway incursion. 12 hour day 6 hour flight time.,Duty Cycle;Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
260372,ENRTE from dallas/feet worth; TX (DFW) to MONTEGO bay; jamaica (MKJS) on the SBOUND leg from GLS Nondirectional Radio Beacon on A766; our aircraft Automatic Direction Finder'S were receiving erratic signals from GLS Nondirectional Radio Beacon and showing slightly W of course (139 degree bearing from the station). zhu called on the radio and RPTED that we were 11.8 mile E of A766 over BAROW intersection. immediately we made a course correction to the W. when in range of COZUMEL (CZM) Nondirectional Radio Beacon; we found that the #2 Automatic Direction Finder was operating normally; but the #1 Automatic Direction Finder was erratic and unreliable. the #1 Automatic Direction Finder was promptly entered into the maintenance log as inoperative and placarded by the Minimum Equipment List. we believe the GLS Nondirectional Radio Beacon was unreliable and caused the deviation.,Resource Deficiency
260385,AFTER leaving the deicing area at the ramp; flight left for taxiway D9. on taxiway D9 we were making a left turn on taxiway D. while the Captain began to make the turn; I was asked a question from the flight attendant. I turned back to answer her question; turned my head back to the front of the aircraft and realized the nose of the aircraft had left the taxiway. the Captain said that the NOSEWHEEL did not respond to the turn. we were taxiing extremely slow using only the #1 engine. engine was shut down; ground notified; and maintenance notified. maintenance arrived at the aircraft; inspected the aircraft and determined that the NOSEWHEEL had just departed the taxiway. no damage was evident to the NOSEWHEEL. maintenance told us to power back the aircraft. it was discussed in the cockpit. I checked my book and could not find a procedure and told the Captain. Captain and First Officer discussed it. both had PWRED back aircraft before. decided to power back the aircraft. all ENGS started; aircraft was PWRED back. we taxied back to the gate and wrote up the NOSEWHEEL in the aircraft forms. the aircraft was inspected; determined to be okay and the flight continued to FWA. things learned from this incident: should not have talked to flight attendant during taxi; even though I physically could not do anything to stop the aircraft from skidding. when I see that there is no procedure in the book; you don't think about doing it.,Preoccupation;Proficiency
260392,WE were cleared for approach at HUGUENAT VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. at MANEE intersection went to 2400 feet; thinking we passed neely and Glideslope was out. started to shoot a localizer approach. at 2000 feet noticed we had not passed neely. so we climbed until passing neely; about 15 seconds and shot the approach. got a false Compass Locator At Its Outer Marker indication when Automatic Direction Finder needle swung when we thought we were at neely the first time. after further looking; that was probably orange county airport. factors also were night; icing; and snow. also; rushing and not allowing time to think before acting. decision to level off and climb was the right thing to do. new york approach also advised after we noticed and started to correct through stewart tower of low altitude alert. should have had kingston VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range tune into the Distance Measuring Equipment for Distance Measuring Equipment readouts.,Attitude;Physical Environment
292571,FLT aircraft began with an uneventful PUSHBACK from ord gate engine start and departure salute. clearance was received from ramp control to switch to ground metering. very shortly thereafter; I noticed what I thought was a burning smell. I asked First Officer if she smelled something burning. she replied affirmatively and shortly thereafter stated 'you know what; we have smoke in here.' she was correct and the concentration of smoke seemed to be increasing. almost simultaneously; flight attendant #1 informed me that there was smoke in the back and they were attempting to locate the source. I knew that no deicing fluid had been sprayed on the aircraft since our arrival and asked First Officer if there was any sign of deicing fluid on the ramp during her walk around. she replied negatively. because we were still a 90 degree turn from being able to return to gate. I instructed First Officer to inform ramp control of our situation and that we wished to return to gate. clearance was received and we turned towards the gate -- waited what seemed at the time like an excessive time; but in hindsight was probably not; for a GUIDEMAN and parked at the gate. in addition to the parking checklist -- packs and RECIRCULATION fans were shut off. the flight attendants subsequently informed me that the smoke in the cabin seemed to be emanating from somewhere in the middle of the cabin and had subsequently dissipated. the cockpit smoke also seemed to dissipate after reaching the gate. after reaching the gate; I instructed the passenger to leave the aircraft through the front entry door. a flight attendant Public Address subsequently instructed the passenger to leave their personal belongings on the aircraft. the evacuation proceeded uneventfully through the JETBRIDGE. an appropriate E6 entry was made followed by a verbal description to maintenance personnel who subsequently removed the aircraft from service. dispatch called the JETBRIDGE phone to request details which were provided.,Resource Deficiency
292576,I had just finished a phantom approach with a stall. I increased power and climbed approximately to 5000 feet above ground level. I experienced loss of thrust followed by a knocking -- buzzing noise that progressed into violent shaking of the aircraft. I first leveled the aircraft; then went through emergency procedures. I throttled back and flew the airplane at 80 Knots; but the aircraft was still violently shaking. I tried to dial 121.5 and could not. I prepared to make an immediate landing. we spotted a field at our 2 O'clock and I set up for an approach. while setting up for the landing; I pulled the mixture full lean and increased the power to 1500 Revolutions Per Minute to kill the engine; but the engine would not quit. I throttled back and slipped the plane until 20 feet above ground level. I straightened the plane and did a 2 point landing; let the nose wheel down; and applied brakes. the engine would not shut down; so I turned the magnetic switch off when the Revolutions Per Minute fluctuated to its slowest cycle. it WASN't till after the engine shut down; that I then noticed that the propeller was missing 5 inches off the tip. then I made contact with WJF.,Resource Deficiency
292590,WHILE on a flight from SQL to SNS; I was busy on the radio; then I noticed that I was at 4200 feet Mean Sea Level; and the class B for SFO is at 4000 feet. I quickly descended; but did unfortunately clip the SFO class B momentarily.,Preoccupation
292597,WHILE flying the RICHY 5 departure at S lake tahoe we climbed above an altitude specified in the Standard Instrument Departure. prior to takeoff at TVL the copilot (left seat) flying asked me to request a Visual Flight Rules climb from ZOA as soon as I was able to. TVL tower had issued the Standard Instrument Departure and 15000 feet; and call center at 10000 feet. I called at 10000; 10500; 11000 making contact at 11500. ZOA asked me to identify. ZOA asked for my altitude. by that time we were at 13000 feet. I was advised that in the future I should not climb above 12000 feet. I advised center I was planning on asking for a Visual Flight Rules climb as soon as I made contact with them.,Proficiency
292598,TAXI from gate; we are required to call 1) clearance; 2) ramp control; 3) ground control. those 3 are required in the space of about 3 minute. our airline is under close scrutiny by Federal Aviation Administration. during checklist recall an incorrect response (checked instead of set) will earn us a violation. under pressure to complete CHKLISTS precisely we taxied by a spot before calling ground. we entered an active taxiway without a clearance. our zeal at making sure our CHKLISTS comply with Federal Aviation Administration standards is causing us to become near sighted. it is possible to become too much of a robot.,Pressure;Taskload
292600,DEPARTING IAD while being vectored to BUFFR intersection center issued a Traffic Advisory and then a climb from 7000 feet to 10000 feet. the Captain had the traffic in sight. since the aircraft was relatively light we had a higher than usual climb rate which resulted in a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II advisory to reduce climb. after passing well clear of the other aircraft; the controller asked if we were at 7000 feet. we advised that we had read back a clearance to 10000 feet. it seems likely that the controller had mistaken us for another company aircraft with a similar call sign. the controller then cleared the aircraft with the similar call sign to 10000 feet and cleared us on up to 17000 feet. the flight was completed uneventfully.,Resource Deficiency
292602,I am enclosing articles about an on-going situation at XYZ airlines; and possibly at others; that is a 'safety' issue. they are using cockpit resource management to have your crews spy on their fellow pilot; and report to the chief pilot or someone else in management. this has created an atmosphere of tension; and mistrust in the 'office.' many CAPTS feel that you have to be politically correct or DR sigmund frog or you will be turned in by your crew. it has happened numerous times with the result of some pilots being terminated: forced out on disability: or given time off. grievances are filed and months; YRS; wasted out of a career not to mention the stress; anxiety; and tension caused in the pilots home. cockpit resource management was needed; but it is being abused by some to CIRCUMNAV the contract(S) and get rid of anyone who thinks or has an O2PINION. it is 'funny' that so many of these cased are senior pilots who have a large PAYCHK and pension coming!?! some sort of article should be written in callback to let everyone know what is going on and that it can happen to them next if they fall out of disfavor with their fellow pilots who are now in management! a crew needs to be relaxed; themselves; and work together to provide a safe working environment!,Attitude;Other
292604,WHILE on a flight from CGE to RUQ the chief pilot took control of the aircraft on an instrument approach to RUQ. standard instrument procedures were not observed a teardrop type entry was made to intercept the final approach course. the weather was at minimums. a tight circling turn was attempted to land on the n end of the runway. the aircraft was not in a position to land on the runway. the airplane went off the side of the runway because the go around was initiated too late. there was still sufficient AIRSPD to fly the aircraft and it became airborne again. the aircraft was climbed out and I regained control. I entered a left downwind for the S runway and landed the aircraft safely. an inspection was made to the aircraft and there was no damage found. there was also no damage to the airport property. I believe the situation occurred because the old way of thinking was used; in that the Captain is always right. I also believe in order to prevent a recurrence is to properly train all FLCS in cockpit resource management.,Proficiency
292689,I was the Pilot Flying inbound to KMLI and the Captain as the Pilot Not Flying picked up the Automatic Terminal Information Service for KMLI and relayed the information to me. there was no mention of runway 31 being unusable. we saw the airport beacon and as we continued towards KMLI; we found ourselves lined up for runway 31. we requested a straight-in visual to runway 31 from the quad cities approach controller. we received clearance for the visual approach to runway 31 and we were instructed to contact the tower. the Captain contacted quad cities tower and we were given clearance to land on runway 31. after we landed; we were asked to phone the tower. the Captain phoned the tower and the tower controller said we were not approved for landing on runway 31 and he referenced a new Notice To Airmen for KMLI. in our weather package there was a new Notice To Airmen that read 'MLI 31 closed landing air carrier PS ATX PS aircraft with approach speed over 120 Knots.' having read this prior to landing; we appeared legal since we were given clearance to landon runway 31 and our approach speed is not over 120 Knots. I believe this possible infraction could have been prevented by the Flight Crew'S better understanding of what the poorly written Notice To Airmen intended to say. we interpreted the Notice To Airmen as runway 31 being closed to air carrier/ATX aircraft with an approach speed over 120 Knots; not as being closed to all air carrier and ATX aircraft. a mention of the runway not being usable in the Automatic Terminal Information Service would have also prevented this infraction. as a last resource; notification from the approach or from tower saying the runway is not usable to air carrier aircraft; but instead they gave us clearance for both the visual approach to runway 31 and landing clearance to runway 31. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that he called his dispatch office for clarification of the Notice To Airmen. dispatch indicated that the PS equals a plus sign which the equipment cannot make. in speaking with controller; he indicated it was his interpretation that the Notice To Airmen meant no air carrier aircraft could use the runway. if this was the case; RPTR wonders why he would be cleared to land on that runway??? RPTR was advised of the hot line number to further follow up on the problem. supplemental information from ACN 292915: we asked for a visual straight-in to runway 31. this was approved by approach control. checking in with tower; a landing clearance was obtained for runway 31. any one of several things would have prevented this: the Flight Crew'S better understanding of a poorly written new Notice To Airmen; a mention of the change on the Automatic Terminal Information Service or; as a last line of defense; notification from approach or tower control; the approving agency. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR was advised that 'PS' is a legal Federal Aviation Administration abbreviation for 'plus;' therefore; his air carrier aircraft with an approach speed less than 120 Knots was included in this proscription.,Communication Environment
292697,WHILE making a visual approach to runway 26R at den; approach control told us to follow another aircraft that was making a visual approach to runway 26L and land on runway 26R. they also told us to follow him as close as possible but; not to pass. the terrain surrounding the runways was covered with snow. while monitoring the preceding aircraft; we lined up on the taxiway between runways 26L and 26R. this error was recognized by both the cockpit crew and the tower simultaneously. a go around was initiated just as the tower was advising the crew of the error.,Physical Environment
292710,CALLED ground for taxi for departure. was cleared from E ramp to runway 23R via runway 27R. crossed runway 23L on runway 27L and hold short of runway 23R. ground control then asked what runway I was cleared to taxi to. I verified runway 23R; but they seemed confused as to which runway I was cleared to.,Proficiency
292790,ON arrival at aircraft; mechanic was working on First Officer communication control panel. after liftoff; unable to receive or transmit to ord. squawked communication failure on transponder; maintained Visual Flight Rules on top and turned on course. also attempted to listen on VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. relief pilot removed First Officer'S radio control panel and communication was restored to Captain'S side. Air Traffic Control advised that communication failure was well done but squawk should have been 7600 versus 7500. called company and suggested swapping second observer'S panel for failed unit. after checking out the part numbers; company maintenance approved the swap. system restored to normal. flight continued to destination.,Resource Deficiency
603677,CLRNC was radar vectored to TRALR Area Navigation one departure. takeoff runway 1R; initial clearance was climb to 7000 feet vector 050 degree. first Air Traffic Control vector after handoff from tower was 100 degree. then; 'climb to FL190; comply with RESTRS; vector 060 degree.' we tried to query what restrict Air Traffic Control controller was referring to. B-700 model navigate display showed us heading nearly directly to 'NAPSE' which has an 'at or below 7000 feet restrict.' we decided until we could get an answer to what restrict he was talking about; we would maintain 7000 feet until abeam NAPSE and then climb. about the time we were abeam NAPSE; the controller answered our question -- that there was no restrict on a radar vector. the manner and tone of the controller was as if we were total idiots. moments later; he had issued the same; 'comply with RESTRS' to another air carrier. this guy asked the same question we did; and added; 'why are you saying comply with RESTRS if there are none?' the controller answered; 'because I have to.' this controller was confusing everyone. if there are no RESTRS; then why is he saying; 'comply with RESTRS?' he is creating his own problems; and then the frequency becomes congested with everyone trying to figure out what to do. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR has not returned to las since this event. RPTR is aware that theirs and other company inquiries have resulted in the Federal Aviation Administration researching areas for clarification. RPTR believes that the phrase 'comply with RESTRS' can only be executed with altitude crossing RESTRS.,Attitude
603679,ATIS RPTED winds 210 degree at 7 Knots with a 3700 feet overcast. approach requested 180 Knots to the marker and the crew complied. upon Glideslope intercept; it took approximately 15-20 degree of correction to maintain the localizer. the tower immediately notified of WINDSHEAR advisories upon check-in with surface winds 300 degree at 15 Knots gusting to 30 Knots. the crew was barely able to meet stabilized approach criteria. I felt that Air Traffic Control (approach control) was asking too much of this crew and the crew probably should have taken the initiative to say 'unable' to the speed request.,Attitude;Taskload
603806,AFTER landing runway 33L in BWI; ground said taxi to the ramp. we parked at gate x. we taxied down taxiway P and we decided that taxiway E would be the best place to turn in for the gate. once we arrived; there was another aircraft at the gate; so we called operations. operations said follow the MARSHALER. we parked 2 aircraft at that gate. once we moved over slightly right; ground control said 'for future reference; you cannot taxi in that area.' later I called ground and asked 'should we be towed next time?' he said 'normally you take P1 for this gate.' none of this makes sense. there is a note that says 'don't taxi S of P1-Celsius' -- yet he told us this is normal. he acted like we were in the wrong. how do you get to this gate? I have done it the same way for 6 YRS. Air Traffic Control and the commercial airport page don't agree. plan of action: in the future at BWI; get exact taxi instructions. hopefully; the commercial airport page or Air Traffic Control will be corrected. how can you get to our gate when the note says 'do not taxi at the S end of pier Celsius?',Other
603809,AFTER takeoff from runway 31L at JFK; inertial reference #1 and inertial reference #3 faulted (2 of our 3 inertial reference units). both AUTOPLTS and AUTOTHRUST were inoperative and Captain'S attitude and navigate display blanked. inertial reference #2 and First Officer'S instruments were normal. we leveled at 5000 feet; conferred with maintenance control and attempted troubleshooting without success. we then returned to JFK for an OVERWT landing on runway 31R. touchdown was smooth and braking normal. the manufacturer will tell you that the odds of such a dual failure are so low that it cannot happen. I am here to tell you I can happen. after the units were RERACKED and tested; we departed again and again inertial reference #3 faulted. however; the other 2 were normal and we were able to continue.,Resource Deficiency
603810,ON the Fixed-Base Operator ramp ready to taxi to active runway. ground cleared our aircraft S on taxiway right to runway 8R. we taxied S on taxiway right about 200 yards and held short runway 8R. switched to tower and we were cleared right turn -- cleared for takeoff runway 8R. I MISINTERPED the tower instructions 'cleared for right turn' as meaning cleared right turn on runway 8R. what he said was cleared for right turn after departure; cleared for takeoff runway 8R; which would be a left turn onto the runway. on the rolling takeoff myself and the tower realized I was heading the wrong direction on runway 8R. tower cleared my aircraft for a 180 degree turn on runway 8R for positioning for takeoff. once again we were cleared for takeoff runway 8R. no further problems during the flight.,Proficiency
603822,UPON arrival to van NUYS airport; crew wrote up right nose taxi light and Minimum Equipment List'ed it. subsequent conversation Light Emitting Diode to the discovery that maintenance control in ZZZ1 did not have on record two of the Minimum Equipment List'ed items posted in our status book. subsequent review of those items Light Emitting Diode to the discovery that one of our items was past the extension date posted by maintenance on dec/sat/03. the aircraft was scheduled for maintenance on dec/wed/03. no indication on the aircraft status sheet faxed for the 2 FLTS prior to leaving the aircraft in maintenance on dec/TUE/03; indicated the expiration of the Minimum Equipment List'ed item. the crew is trained to review the status book and status sheet when accepting the aircraft on a crew swap. I originally found all documentation in order on that date (dec/sun/03). I failed to notice and query the 'B' item in question. when speaking with the lead mechanic on dec/wed/03; we expected return to service (rts) about XA00Z on jan/thu/03. upon reviewing Minimum Equipment List forms during rts (15) I missed the maintenance facility'S failure to extend or review the now expired 'B' item with me or maintenance control in ZZZ1. in my estimation; ZZZ1 had knowledge of and had extended with concurrence of the lead. I was told 'we were unable to fix item and left it Minimum Equipment List'ed. when I reviewed the open item on Minimum Equipment List status; I failed to see the original dec/wed/03. I had read they swapped gauges only and taken for granted (that was at PHX after consult with lead mechanic). my opinion is that crews depend on ZZZ1 control as much as they depend on us. this started before I took over the aircraft. (Minimum Equipment List not in system)? failure of maintenance at 3 facilities to correct squawk and scheduling pressure for 'rts' and drastic time shifts in crew duty.,Resource Deficiency
603823,I was on the final segment of a flight from chico; CA (Controller In Charge) to auburn; CA (aun). I was cruising at 5500 feet Mean Sea Level and participating in flight following with NORCAL approach. I was flying a course of 145 degree true between smartville and auburn. at 5500 feet I was flying over clouds that were becoming taller and more frequent. this concerned me enough that I wanted to get under them before too longitude so that I could land at auburn. I had passed smartville a few minutes earlier; however I thought I was further along on my route than I actually was. wanting to radio Flight Service Station and close my flight plan before nearing auburn; I canceled flight following with approach and began my descent to 3500 feet. (I believe this was my first and worst mistake that Light Emitting Diode to the incursion.) beale'S class Celsius shelf runs from 2600 feet to 4100 feet in this area. after radioing Flight Service Station; I began to realize that I was not seeing what I expected on the ground below. I saw camp Federal Aviation Regulation west reservoir off my right wing; so I assumed I was S of beal'S airspace. I continued to try and figure my location from landmarks; holding my heading while I assessed the situation. I was varying my altitude with the OPS Base Operations Office of the clouds during this time. then I remembered that this aircraft had a Global Positioning System that might help. the Global Positioning System was flashing that it had a message for me; which was that I was in beale'S airspace. according to the Global Positioning System; I was at the outermost edge. however; this was when I noticed it. I am sure I was inside for longer than this. I continued to hold course; as this would be the quickest way out (within 30 seconds). I could not climb; due to clouds; and I was hesitant to descend due to my disorientation. once out of class Celsius; I returned my attention to navigate. it turned out that I was on proper course; thankfully. my disorientation appears to have been limited to distance traveled. lessons: always have flight following when flying over/near controled airspace. I had not seen this as needed since my planned altitude was 5500 feet; well over beale'S airspace. however; weather changed my plans and my altitude. I did not respond appropriately. I continued on with my PRE-planned sequence of events after beginning my descent. if I would have just stayed with flight following; this would have been a non-event. be aware of disorientation. I believe the combination of busy radio work and transitioning between/under the clouds contributed to my misjudging distance. I will be more aware of these factors in the future. make use of all cockpit resources more quickly. I was purposely ignoring VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and Global Positioning System for this flight so as to practice PILOTAGE. this Light Emitting Diode me to be hesitant to 'give up' and use navigate equipment that would have alerted me to my exact position.,Physical Environment;Preoccupation;Proficiency
603868,I was landing at GLE at about XA00 jan/XA/04. the Automated Weather Observation System and NOTAMS indicated a displaced threshold of 1000 feet for runway 17. there were wooden barricades (about 4 feet high) with chevron markers indicating the area where workers were doing runway maintenance. on landing; there were several workers standing about 20 feet to each side of the CTRLINE; but remained standing on the usable part of the runway. I extended my flare over them. I believe they should be clear of the active part of the runway; or the barricaded area should have been extended to include the runway areas where they were working. I believe their lives were in danger. they were standing at the 'new' threshold marking; which was about 100 feet past the barricades. on departure; I was back-taxiing to reach the beginning of the runway; so as to use all the available runway. once again; I passed the workers; milling around on the runway; towards the barricades. after passing them; I noticed they had been painting a new threshold line (on the active part of the runway). one of the workers who was on the local Common Traffic Advisory Frequency yelled at me to turn around and clear the area. I complied and departed. summary: the problem/danger I see here is that; while they are working on the new markings; they are not protected in any way. PROCEDURALLY; it may make more sense to include the area they were marking within the barricaded area. once the lines are marked; the barricades could be moved further back to only include the area being resurfaced. the partial markings were not sufficient to protect them. on landing; the workers on the runway were past the newly painted 'WIP' area -- presenting a danger to themselves and pilots. perhaps some training in avoiding landing planes would be appropriate.,Other
603900,ON jan/thu/04; I was working approach control in the atlanta Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility. I was on the n final radar position. I was told there was an aircraft diverting to atlanta with a medical emergency (apparently someone had a heart attack and had no pulse). while expediting the emergency aircraft to runway 26L I was using visual separation by the pilot from an aircraft on runway 27L and an aircraft on runway 26R. I'Mach Number not completely sure if the emergency aircraft read back visual separation on the B767 on runway 26R. the emergency aircraft landed safely on runway 26L approximately 3 mile behind the B767 on runway 26R.,Other
603905,I looked over to my left at the marshal and got a salute clearing me to leave the ramp. we were parked in the closest spot next to the terminal building and there were no other aircraft on the ramp at that time. I looked to the right and asked the First Officer if the area was clear. she responded that it was clear. I started to move the aircraft to the right toward taxiway B. I did not see a traffic cone that was left by san ramp agents as it was hidden by the glare shield. as we started to finish the turn heading toward taxiway B; post event inspection disclosed the left propeller stuck a traffic cone. I was looking forward and did not see the impact. the sound of the impact was the first indication of a problem. I brought the aircraft to an immediate stop and looked out my left side window. I shut the engine down. I asked the First Officer to take control of the aircraft while I went outside to inspect the damage. when I determined that the flight would be delayed until maintenance could inspect the propeller; I returned to the cockpit and taxied the aircraft to a remote parking spot on the ramp. inspection of the propeller indicated it had struck a traffic one. we contacted dispatch and maintenance via the telex and made an appropriate AML entry. causes: 1) traffic cone situated in the middle of the ramp area. 2) absence of painted lines for taxi RTES and parking locations. 3) failure to taxi forward before starting the right turn and follow usual taxi route. 4) failure of the First Officer to properly check the area was clear; instead of focusing on a new departure procedure. 5) First Officer'S unfamiliarity with new airport and route. remedies: 1) removal of traffic cones from the ramp area unless they are being used in the immediate vicinity of parked aircraft. 2) taxi lines and designated parking areas need to be permanently painted on the ramp. 3) I should have provided a PREFLT briefing to the First Officer covering the departure procedure prior to starting the taxi.,Familiarity;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
603967,IMMEDIATELY after liftoff KWK tower instructed us to turn right (WBOUND) and proceed 'on course; contact CVG approach control.' immediately contacted CVG approach to be told that we were entering the class B airspace without prior clearance. this is the sort of clearance confusion that causes accidents in airspace transition areas. when one Air Traffic Control facility issues instructions to an aircraft; it should be assumed that those instructions have been coordinated and approved by the next Air Traffic Control facility; especially in very close airspace transition areas! you can't wander all over the area awaiting approval at 140 Knots; and you obviously can't stop. it is assumed that whenever cleared you will have sufficient time to clean up the aircraft and contact departure without becoming an unwanted imposition on your next Air Traffic Control sector. please work to improve this type of Visual Flight Rules handoff/coordination.,Other
603974,FIRST; I am an Instrument Flight Rules flight instructor and know better than to let this happen. I had just purchased this airplane and was delayed getting airborne after a lengthy PREFLT. up to this point I had been flying full Instrument Flight Rules panel aircraft; daily. this plane had only an ill-functioning 720 communication and mode Celsius transponder; no navigate equipment. I was dead-reckoning to a maintenance facility in Public Address (haven't done that in a while) while my attention was trying to get my communication radio functioning. I drifted too close to DCA area. I thought I was under class B limitations; area published is 10000 feet/4500 feet. I am very comfortable communicating with Air Traffic Control and make it a priority INFLT so as to avoid this very thing. my error was focusing too longitude on trying to get my communication radio working while piloting an aircraft; I was solo. I realized my error visually and immediately made corrections in dead-reckoning to avoid this class B airspace. dead-reckoning became my priority as I flew past the DCA area; fredericks (FDK) and prohibited area P-40. I then refocused my attention on radios after passing littlestown; Public Address; and got my radio functioning by york; Public Address (THV). lancaster control tower was the agency that told me to contact potomac radar. I was then informed that the IAD Terminal Control Area was active to the surface and not at the published lower level of 4500 feet Mean Sea Level. my Flight Service Station briefer did not mention this. understand; I know this infraction is my error; I did not track my intended flight as I wanted or planned. and it will not ever happen again. POSITIONAL awareness is always priority. I teach my students this and yet failed to do it myself. by flying everyday; having received flight instructor of the YR awards; complacency has slapped me in the face. I've learned something today.,Attitude;Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
603986,3 of the last 4 times I have flown into san diego and parked at gate XX; there has been an S80 parked in between gate XY and XX. it is so close to the yellow painted taxi line that if I had taxied into gate XX exactly on the yellow line; the left wingtip would have impacted my right wing about 1/3 of the wing span in from the wingtip. every time this occurred; there was a B767 parked at gate XZ. this means there is absolutely no way to safely taxi from the airport taxiway into the ramp area and into the gate. even with wing walkers; this is risky. the first 2 times I had this occur; I did taxi in with wing walkers; but notified the station management personnel on duty at the time that it was unsafe. both times; the station personnel acknowledged it was less than safe; both times station personnel acknowledged pilots complained about the situation. both times station personnel acknowledged this was a routine -- daily situation. for goodness sake; do we have to bend metal to get it through to the san folks that unsafe means there is a reasonable risk of damage to equipment and injury to personnel involved here? it took me over 40 minutes to finally get ground personnel to approach the airplane so I could get a tug to pull me in. I tried radio calls; I tried flashing my nose light and I even resorted to using my cell phone to try to get operations and or maintenance on the line. if this parking is necessary due to constrained ramp space at san; for goodness sake get a red and yellow clear area painted around where the airplane; between XY and XX; is parked and get an accurate measurement of a clear taxi area in to the gate and paint it on the ramp so we can proceed safely. if you are short man power to do it; get me the paint and I'LL fly out on my days off and paint it.,Other;Resource Deficiency
641722,DURING taxi to runway for takeoff; nothing unusual or any problems with the NOSEWHEEL steering were observed. taxi route was ramp; exit J5; left on taxiway J; right on taxiway Fahrenheit; left on taxiway k; runway 27. lots of different turns. during the takeoff; the First Officer was hitting the runway CTRLINE lights but moved over to the right of CTRLINE to avoid hitting them. no indications present. after liftoff and gear selected 'up;' we received master warning 'nose door open; gear disagreement' master caution 'weight on wheels input; NOSEWHEEL steering' status message 'weight on wheels output fail.' First Officer took control of the radios while I ran the Quick Reference Handbook procedure for nose door open 13-9 which called for the gear to be selected down. this cleared all master warnings and I got 3 green gear down and locked. continued with the checklist and talked to maintenance control; dispatch; First Officer; flight attendant; passenger and Air Traffic Control. checklist complete. vectored onto runway localizer runway 18R. cleared for visual approach because gear was down and locked. I did not declare an emergency and a normal landing was made. when turning the NOSEWHEEL; steering failed and after talking to maintenance control; taxied to spot on taxiway E to ramp. ramp agent met us with a tug and tow bar. agent noticed scissors were not connected and reconnected the scissors. I then taxied to gate where I was met by MECHS. deplaned the aircraft. talked to the MECHS. no damage found. apparently sometime during the takeoff run; the scissors had become disconnected which caused the return to the airport.,Resource Deficiency
641728,INBOUND to ZZZ at approximately 10000 feet; #1 engine had a compressor stall. crew reduced thrust on the engine. they notified Air Traffic Control that they were at reduced thrust and would not be able to take any delays while inbound to ZZZ. I'Mach Number told crew did not declare an emergency with Air Traffic Control or request Crash Fire Rescue Equipment standing by. dispatch was never notified from the Captain that while on approach they had a compressor stall and had the engine operating at reduced thrust which is a direct violation of the FOM chapter 5; section 10.,Resource Deficiency
641923,PLT complained that taxiway lights were too bright; causing difficulty in seeing. requested that we turn down lights. I informed pilot that lights were on lowest setting. we have had numerous complaints from many pilots about the taxiway lights being too bright. several pilots have said the lights are ruining their night vision and could be a possible hazard. could cause a runway incursion. the lights are painful to their eyes.,Physical Environment
642200,AFTER level off at FL330; the ride quickly deteriorated to moderate chop. we asked the controller about rides; and he said that they were worse higher; but lower was better. we stuck with the ride for a while to see if it would improve; but it did the opposite. we descended to FL290 with the intent of climbing back up when the rides higher improved. they never did improve. we cut corners with direct routing; flew Flight Management System optimum speed; and kept the fuel close to the flight plan. fuel abeam SSO was 100 pounds above planned. after SSO; the fuel began to fall behind with 500 pounds below abeam EWM and 1100 pounds below at TQA. we were given FL270 for traffic. I calculated that landing fuel would be 4.7. on initial contact with ZFW; I told the controller that fuel was tight and could we get direct to hirst or fever. he said jen was the best he could do. on each frequency change; I restated the request. about 70 mile from jen and at FL240 on a 080 degree heading to jen; the controller told us to turn right 120 degree for spacing into DFW. I told him that we would be unable for fuel. he replied in a sarcastic tone; 'you mean you are refusing the vector?' I replied that we were 'low on fuel; could you give us any other options?' he said; 'no; this is a vector in trail.' I replied that we were 'minimum fuel and if we take the turn we will be emergency fuel.' we were then handed off to another controller; given direct to hirst with an expeditious arrival and approach. landing fuel was 5.0 with 4.6 at the gate. if we had taken the in trail vector; landing fuel would have been below 4.0. here are a few observations on this event: 1) the tight fuel plan gave us few options to deal with the UNFORECAST turbulence en route (moderate entire route instead of light chop TFD to SSO). 2) a series of events resulted in the inability to take extended vectors on arrival to DFW. 3) the DFW controller seemed to be playing some power game. I was merely trying to convey our tight fuel condition and provide for the safe operation of the flight. I feel that I was professional and polite in my XMISSIONS with the controllers. 4) this type of event will probably be fairly common with the current fuel loads we are given. there is a point at which you push the fuel savings too Federal Aviation Regulation.,Attitude;Physical Environment;Pressure;Unexpected
642229,WHILE crossing runway 4; we were given a left turn onto taxiway BB; hold short of taxiway Y. I glanced at taxiway BB from the airport diagram and noted no RESTRS. my focus of attention was redirected back to visual taxi lookout. when stopped and holding short of taxiway Y; as directed by ground control; we noticed that while there is no restrict for B757'S on taxiway BB; there is a restrict from turning either direction off of taxiway BB. in other words; it is a dead-end for B757'S. the Captain called the chief pilot on duty and discussed the situation. we were informed that if we could safely taxi with wing walkers we could proceed from taxiway BB; left on taxiway Y then left on taxiway AA. this we did with port authority/authorized wing walkers and at no time was there a question of adequate wing clearance. the chief pilot on call was a tremendous help. I recommend a note be added on the airport page restricting B757'S from even turning onto taxiway BB; left from taxiway D. LGA taxiing is very tight; quick and dynamic and requires outside safety lookout at all times.,Other
642242,AFTER landing at XYZ hospital in ZZZ for a patient transport; I was notified by the lead mechanic via cell phone that we had overflown a component on the #1 engine and the helicopter was Out Of Service for maintenance. I notified nursing staff and coordination the second aircraft to transport the patient. the component; the #1 engine flow fence actuator; had been overflown by over 60 hours. contributing factors for this incident include: 1) failure of the pilots and MECHS to verify the total time for the total engine time versus the component change time. 2) failure of the company to provide timely maintenance status records. 3) assumptions that the most current and timely components are tracked by the company records section and contract sites will be notified if a component is due to be changed. 4) assumption by the pilots that the MECHS are keeping track of all component change times and vice VERSA. 5) a recent change of the company record keeping policies. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the cause of the overfly is the flight crew'S and technician'S failure to monitor engine total time and check with component change time. the function of the flow fence is control and limit the air and fuel feed to the engine.,Resource Deficiency
642400,ENG start at ZZZ1 required jumping the aircraft'S battery from the lineman'S truck. once started; the aircraft'S electrical system appeared to be functioning normally. while taxiing for departure; the radio intermittently XMITTED to ground control; but operated for tower communications. while executing the departure climb; we experienced electrical system failure. the failure occurred immediately after the tower handoff to departure control during the initial climbing left turn toward the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. radio frequency lights were blank/out; indicating no power from the alternator or battery. no circuit breakers were observed to have extended. radio contact with HANDHELD transceivers was attempted without success. the FPR was then flown. the transponder was left on 'altitude' at first in the event it was able to transmit the lost communication 7600 code. approximately 10 minutes into the flight; the aircraft'S battery/alternator switches were turned off to preserve whatever power may have been available for landing operations. Global Positioning System receiver'S internal batteries (not ship'S power) were used to navigate. weather was night Visual Meteorological Conditions with good visibility. while approaching ZZZ2; the battery/master switch was again turned on; which illuminated the external navigate lights momentarily. the COMRDO frequency display and external position lights momentarily lit and a radio call was made to ZZZ2 tower with no response. the radio display and lights again failed at this point. after the last route fix on the flight plan; we proceeded to fly toward ZZZ2 paralleling the runway 24 Instrument Landing System on the right side using the Global Positioning System receivers. landing was made via short straight-in final approach onto runway 24. human performance considerations: I presumed the flight was being followed on radar; so continued the route to the destination airport in night Visual Meteorological Conditions. I chose to treat night Visual Meteorological Conditions as if it were Instrument Meteorological Conditions lost communications and flew the FPR; believing the route was protected airspace for the proposed time of the flight with the aircraft'S radar track being followed. my intention was to land safely at an airport with functioning runway lights. I considered landing at monmouth executive; robbinsville; and princeton; but each had pilot controled lighting which we would not be able to activate. I chose ZZZ2 as the most safe airport because it is most familiar to me and I believed the route was protected airspace where we were expected to be per our Instrument Flight Rules flight plan and proposed time en route. approaching ZZZ2; we attempted to listen to Automatic Terminal Information Service on HANDHELD transceivers with no success. since the airplane had no lights or radios; I chose not to circle the airport/tower believing it futile to be seen by engine sound alone for the tower to send a light gun signal. I believed circling an often busy airport with no lights or radio would be an unsafe choice. I chose to land on runway 24. the landing was made with a short final approach; and we quickly cleared the runway at the first taxiway. upon landing I called the tower to advise on the above.,Resource Deficiency
642405,AT approximately XA:21 a strong burning odor entered the cockpit followed by smoke from the area around the left GLARESHIELD panel. both the Captain and the First Officer donned oxygen and smoke goggles and we initiated emergency procedures for electrical fire/smoke. we called an emergency call with ZZZ and requested an immediate diversion to the closest airport. the amount of smoke coming from the panel was significant and steady but we could not establish a source or an area where heat was building up. the First Officer was the flying pilot and the Captain handled the checklist and radio communications. the checklist was followed and we lost communications and navigation capabilities due to the loss of power to those systems. this allowed us to isolate the problem to the PS1 bus because the smoke stopped. I then REPOWERED the aircraft and re-established communication with ZZZ. we received a clearance to divert to ZZZZ; First Officer; and a 7700 squawk. once established towards ZZZZ; I began to load-shed the aircraft. the left side alternator; generator; windshield heat; PITOT heat; Electronic Flight Instrument System; and lighting were turned off as well as the high frequency when contact with ZZZ was established. two circuit breakers were tripped on the electrical panel; the cabin lights and Electronic Flight Instrument System SYB gen 3. the flight time to ZZZZ; First Officer; was about 40 minutes. once in the descent the cabin dump valve was opened to allow clearance of the smoke in the cabin. the smoke did not obscure vision; but did cause a noticeable haze. high frequency#2 failed and that made it necessary to have power on high frequency#1 longer than wanted. a failure of the emergency mask intercom made it necessary for me to have my mask off to communication effectively with the First Officer. approximately 12 minutes from ZZZZ; First Officer; the bus tie was opened and all power to PS1 was closed. the smoke stopped at this point. heat was beginning to build up noticeably on the left GLARESHIELD panel before the bus tie was closed. no flames were noticed but the smoke was consistent. after landing with most of the aircraft systems UNPOWERED; we shut the aircraft down without further incident. the Captain was treated and released from the hospital for smoke inhalation. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the First Officer was flying and the Captain was going through the checklist and isolated the PS1 bus causing the smoke to stop. the loads were shed on the PS1 bus and two circuit breakers were found tripped; one being cabin lighting. reaching 2000 feet the outflow valve was opened to clear out the smoke. the Captain was treated for smoke inhalation due to failure of the emergency mask intercom as it was removed to communication with the First Officer. maintenance found the cockpit lighting rheostat dimmer was overheated due to a screw cutting the output wiring insulation and shorting out the rheostat. this was controled by the circuit breaker found tripped that was labeled cabin lighting.,Resource Deficiency
642474,WHILE climbing through FL260 on a clear; smooth night; the aircraft yawed suddenly to the right with much buffeting and noise. a quick scan of the engine instruments showed that the right engine had failed while at climb power; EPR; N1; N2 and EGT were near 'zero' indications. the aircraft was leveled off; center was advised of the problem; and an emergency was declared. the abnormal procedure for engine failure was accomplished and we requested and received a clearance for a return to ZZZ; which was our departure airport. a visual single engine approach and landing was accomplished on runway 18R at ZZZ; and after an inspection by Crash Fire Rescue Equipment personnel; we taxied to the gate; whereupon the emergency was terminated.,Resource Deficiency
642477,PROB arose because of confusion on taxiway. arrived at Fixed-Base Operator; multiple aircraft; no place to park; multiple marks and lines at customs next to Fixed-Base Operator. taxied into a position where the only way to exit was to back aircraft into parking spot. because of multiple lines and congestion I thought I was on Fixed-Base Operator ramp. got out of aircraft to push it out of way. discovered I was still on taxiway when approached by airport security. contributing factors: 1) multiple areas; lines; etc at ramp; taxiway and customs all converge at this area. 2) extreme congestion; aircraft parked all over. 3) I exited aircraft to move it out of the way and try to relieve congestion thinking I was on ramp. 4) airport security tells me this has happened several times before in this same area. corrective actions: 1) better markings(?) 2) if I would have realized I was on taxiway I would have contacted ground control prior to exiting.,Other;Proficiency
681884,ON CLBOUT out of ZZZ; landing gear control and interfacility unit #2 Electronic Centralized Aircraft Monitoring was accomplished and inoperative components noted and reviewed for landing. flight continued uneventful until 5 mile final when gear handle was lowered; Electronic Centralized Aircraft Monitoring landing gear control and interfacility unit #1 and landing gear control and interfacility unit #2 inoperative and ensuing degrades came up. 3 green landing gear indications were noted; however; a gravity extension is called for by checklist and a lot of related items came up. Captain elected to go around to fully review checklist; however; gear lever was not touched due to 3 green indications. requested to hold OVERWATER to accomplish checklist and maintenance and dispatch contacted. fuel status approximately 6000 pounds. maintenance directed circuit breaker cycling which eventually restored landing gear control and interfacility units; however; NOSEWHEEL steering inoperative. maintenance advised we may need to stop on runway and get towed in. passenger and flight attendants notified and a normal approach and landing accomplished. Captain was able to get off on high speed turnoff and stop aircraft uneventfully. NOSEWHEEL steering switch recycled and NOSEWHEEL steering returned. Captain taxied aircraft to gate with no further delays. arrived 19 minutes later than scheduled with 3500 pounds fuel. note: aircraft already had 9 deferred items before departure from ZZZ but none concerning gear.,Resource Deficiency
682441,ABOUT 40 mile n of RBS VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range on CLBOUT; encountered a severe turbulence event climbing through 20.5K en route to 23K. flight attendants had been asked to 'stay down' and were at the time seated. SEATBELT sign was on and all passenger were seated. no injuries occurred. about 20 seconds in duration; with minimal g-loading; maybe +1.5 - 1.0. weather radar was on and painting a large area of 'green' with some yellow/red to Federal Aviation Regulation sides of scope (clear on either side of small green area in front of us). as we approached the green cells in front of us; a break occurred in the clouds and we saw a fairly large cell in front of us and an opening to the left (se). we informed Air Traffic Control of our deviation as we were turning. the event occurred after about 20 degree of turn away from the larger cell on our nose (we were on the western edge of the smaller cell; as we were going between the 2 'green' cells). control wheel was almost full right trying to stop the leftward rolling moment. required significant forward control to right the aircraft. report filed with dispatch and maintenance immediately. request sent to get aircraft mechanic to inspect aircraft.,Physical Environment
682592,AFTER block out; prior to departure; holding short of runway (weather 100 over 1/4 mile BR); and upon doing the control check when exercising the rudder to the left; both the First Officer and myself noticed a loud rumbling and shudder through the aircraft; almost as if the rudder was fluttering at its extreme end of travel. the shudder was even felt by a JUMPSEATER. a vibration was felt through the rudder pedals throughout the full range of travel; getting worse at the end of travel. upon neutralizing the rudder and exercising it to the right; the same problem occurred; but to a lesser degree. (note -- the rudder check was accomplished very slowly per a critique on an earlier line check). both crew members exercised the rudder slowly; with the problem getting seemingly worse with each cycle of the rudder. the runway required flaps 15/20; so just as an experiment; the First Officer and myself tried exercising the rudder with various flap/slat settings with the same result. I called the gate and informed them I would be returning to the blocks. upon block in; maintenance boarded the aircraft with the ENGS running. we demonstrated our rudder check to the mechanic and when he felt and heard the problem; his comment was; 'oh my gosh!' we shut down the aircraft and powered up the hydraulics so the mechanic could observe the rudder from outside. maintenance told us that the rudder appeared to move further to the left; after it had achieved full travel via the pedal. a log entry was made and a consultation with maintenance control began. the crew received conflicting information from maintenance control. initially; we were told that they had a bulletin stating that the rudder'S excessive vibration was normal if the A300 was light; which it was. upon receiving a copy of this 'bulletin;' which in reality was a small footnote from a maintenance manual; we learned that weight had nothing to do with this rudder problem; but in fact had to do with the speed of the rudder travel check. in my opinion; maintenance control was insinuating we had exercised the rudder too quickly; which was not the case. I then inquired if there was anything else that could be checked to troubleshoot this problem. we were told by maintenance control that the only other check they were going to do was the same check the mechanic had done for the PRE-departure; which involves powering up the hydraulics and accomplishing a normal control check. this check had been done prior to the crews' arrival and no problems were noted. the problem occurred after block out. the mechanic did as maintenance control instructed and the aircraft was signed off as ok to return to service. I was informed by maintenance control that this was all they were going to do; nothing else was necessary. however; the same seemingly abnormally strong rudder vibrations and the shuddering of the aircraft and rudder pedals existed after the mechanic accomplished maintenance control'S maintenance procedures. I am concerned that there may have been pressure from maintenance control to accept an aircraft that was exhibiting the same problematic symptoms after the maintenance procedures were accomplished and no further investigation was deemed necessary. contributing factors in my decision not to depart included the very low weather and the hostile terrain surrounding the airport. after extended conversations; I was informed that we (myself and the First Officer) were removed from the flight and a management crew was being sent to rescue the aircraft.callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated that maintenance operations was contacted by the RPTR and after relating the rudder actions; the technician again checked the rudder operation with the same results; shuddering; rumbling; and vibration in the rudder pedals. maintenance operations made the claim the rudder operation was normal for a lightly loaded airplane and made it appear the rudder was moved rapidly during the test. the rudder inputs were slow and per procedure. the justification for this airplane being serviceable was a small footnote from the maintenance manual that had nothing to do with weight of the aircraft. the RPTR'S decision to refuse the airplane was tempered by the weather; local terrain and the belief this airplane was not right.,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
682659,SLEPT until XA00 in ZZZZ. walked; ate; took couple-hour nap until wake-up. flew through night with no rest as my break had continuous moderate turbulence. fatigued; which is average for this flight. conducted brief at top of descent; including flaps 30 degree; AUTOBRAKES 3 degree; missed; etc. just before 1500 feet on visual; we overheard Air Traffic Control scolding another air carrier for taxiing on runway 8L instead of taxiway. then tower cleared aircraft for OPS Base Operations Office; right in front of our nose for runway 4L. somehow being tired and distraction; I forgot gear. I asked for full flaps and horn beeped. immediately I recognized I had forgotten the gear and called for gear extension. I asked Captain if he'D like a go around; but by this time everything had 'come together' and looked good; so we landed. I could easily have made taxiway k; but popped off brakes and coasted to end of runway 4R. we wound up 'walking away from another one' which we do after every flight. possibly no one would ever know if I DIDN't write this report. in my 30TH YR of flying; this is quite disturbing to me. not something I ever want to see! had we all not been so fatigued and distraction; I do not think I would have forgotten the gear; and I do not think both the Captain and bunkie would have let me go so Federal Aviation Regulation without lowering the gear either! even though he DIDN't say anything; I strongly believe the bunkie added an extra layer of safety that would have prevented us from landing with the gear up. lesson learned is that even with easily over 100 YRS flying experience in the cockpit; mistakes can be made; and we need to be ever vigilant. I will do my best to never let this happen again. supplemental information from ACN 682843: late in lowering gear and completing checklist. very tired; all-night flight from ZZZ-HNL. unable to get nap at hotel prior to departure because maids make excessive noise in halls and adjacent rooms. distraction approaching Final Approach Fix by tower admonishing another airline flight for taxiing onto a runway without those instructions -- several very caustic XMISSIONS by tower to the aircraft. then tower told us to look for traffic crossing between us and the runways from E to W that would be landing on runway 4L; IE; their OPS Base Operations Office turn was across the final approach course to runway 4R. it took us awhile to spot this traffic. these DISTRS with being tired allowed us to be late in final CONFIGN. no mandatory go around automated notifications were sounded or displayed; however; FOM guidance of gear down and final check accomplished by Final Approach Fix or 1500 feet was violated. we deemed continuing for landing was a safer course of action than to go around with tiredness and high terrain to the n and E of airport. landing made in normal touchdown zone; on speed.,Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Preoccupation
682797,I was working the BOSOX sector radar position at ZBW. there was no radar associate assigned. air carrier x; an MD80; was landing at PSM. air carrier Y; an A320; departing boston. I intended to stop air carrier Y at 16000 feet; but went to work separating 2 aircraft landing on longitude island. the second aircraft in this string had increased speed and was rapidly catching up to the aircraft ahead. also at this time a BDL departure was in conflict. after fixing this situation; I noticed air carrier Y climbing through 16700 feet; and expedited his climb. I had inadvertently issued FL230; which is the altitude most aircraft from boston are climbed to. the closest the 2 aircraft got were 4.2 mile and 2400 feet.,Taskload
682820,I issued aircraft Y an approach clearance. when he did not read it back; I sought confirmation of the clearance from the pilot. he acknowledged the clearance but never began the descent. I took evasive action with aircraft x to maintain separation. upon reviewing the tapes; it became apparent that aircraft Y never read back the descent portion of the clearance.,Other
682825,AS I rotated the aircraft and lifted off the aircraft started a roll to the right. I immediately corrected and kept wings level. I initially thought I had lost an engine as the roll was consistent with an engine loss but I did not have any adverse yaw. I checked ENGS and they were normal. I had no problem with controling the roll but it required about 5-6 units of left wing down aileron input to maintain wings level. at no time during this entire flight was there a problem with maintaining wings level so longitude as we maintained 5-6 units of left aileron trim. as we climbed out; the First Officer and I were analyzing the situation. the aircraft would trim out fine and could be flown 'hands off' with the 5-6 units of left wing down aileron yoke displacement. I did not use Auto-Pilot. we referred to the Quick Reference Handbook and used the rudder UNCOMMANDED yaw/roll checklist (this is for the rudder but was the closest checklist that pertained to this problem). we accomplished the items but nothing changed. all circuit breaker'S were in. we checked for fuel imbalance; but gauges checked good and read even. hydraulic pressures and quantities were normal. flaps were up and Light Emitting Diode lights were out. all indications in the cockpit were normal. I called the flight attendants asked them to look at the wing and to tell me what they saw. they RPTED the left wing spoilers were up slightly (3-6 inches) and the right wing was normal. we observed the left aileron was slightly up and the right one also seemed slightly up. left wing was consistent with the control column input; while the right wing was neither normal nor consistent with out input. we initiated contact with dispatch and had maintenance control on the call. we advised them as to our situation and asked for any suggestions. we had already accomplished their suggestions and maintenance duty told us they would have maintenance meet us in ZZZ. I requested dispatch bring up the chief pilot on duty. I advised him of our situation and suggested we divert to ZZZ1 (the closest field at this time). he concurred and the flight was diverted. we declared an emergency with Air Traffic Control. I informed the passenger of our situation telling them we were going to land in ZZZ1 as a precaution. I told the flight attendants to secure the cabin for a normal landing and told them not to prepare the cabin. I did not tell the passenger I had declared an emergency. we descended into ZZZ1. we slowed the aircraft slowly to ensure we had no CONTROLLABILITY problems. we configured early and slowly configured; stabilizing the aircraft at each flap setting. we flew a wide visual approach with Instrument Landing System backup. I flew a slightly fast final (+10 or so) as the aircraft was very stable at that speed. we landed normally. after we cleared the runway we canceled the emergency. after shutdown; maintenance told us a control cable had broken.callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that the aircraft'S CONTROLLABILITY was never in question; adding that the aircraft was a little slower turning than with both ailerons but safety of flight was not in question. on the ground RPTR could see a control cable hanging loose and was told by maintenance that it was the right aileron control cable.,Resource Deficiency
682831,YVR approach informed us on initial contact of moderate turbulence below 8000 feet in vicinity of airport. they also advised us of WINDSHEAR of 5-10 Knots RPTED at or around 1000 feet above ground level. on approach; we had a good ride until turning OPS Base Operations Office descending through 3000 feet for 2000 feet. cleared the approach to runway 8L. got continual moderate turbulence on approach with +15 to -5 Knots. surface winds were 090 degree at 12 Knots. winds at our altitude 040 degree at 25 Knots. in Visual Flight Rules conditions at 1000 feet; we got a +20 Knots followed by a loss of 10 Knots. I applied maximum power to get AIRSPD back. simultaneously; got Autopilot and Flight Director System WINDSHEAR warning. hand flying approach; applied power and began to go around when AIRSPD recovered and we flew through the WINDSHEAR. having not yet climbed above Glideslope and all indications appeared normal; elected to continue approach to a normal landing. flight below the 1000 feet was smooth. I did not elect to do WINDSHEAR recovery profile for several reason: 1) no convective activity. 2) shear was a wind event. 3) altitude above ground. 4) aircraft returned to a normal state. we had a short night the evening before in OKC. due to computer outage; we arrived OKC at XA30. got to sleep around XB30. woke up 6 hours later. fatigue may have had a minor impact on decision.,Physical Environment;Physical Factors
682978,ON sunday; aircraft x (G200) was cleared onto runway 9; position and hold. I acknowledged and Captain (MR x) moved the aircraft into position. as the previous aircraft cleared the runway from back-taxi; tower/departure 'cleared for takeoff; turn on course.' I acknowledged; we were both in terrain mode for Ground Proximity Warning System on 10 mile scale. we talked about the mountain and towers straight ahead. we initiated takeoff and I thought the clearance negated the note in the takeoff section of commercial chart which stated; 'right-hand turn mandatory; hazard beacons on hills to E; must be visible.' conditions were clear/Visual Meteorological Conditions; visibility 10+ mile; temperature 27 degree; altimeter 30.03. we could both see the hills and towers. on takeoff; I told Captain the closest turn would be left for on course (approximately 140 degree versus 220 degree to right). at no time were we any nearer the hills in the left turn than if we would have turned right. after approximately 90 degree of turn; the controller said we 'were in a heap of trouble and we better say our best prayers.' I ask why and he replied; 'all turns are to the right.',Other;Physical Factors;Proficiency
682991,MAINT had disabled one of the ignition system to conduct a check. when the check was completed; one of the maintenance collars around the circuit breaker of an IGNITER was inadvertently left on; disabling that IGNITER. the airplane x was turned over to us in this condition. I failed to notice the disabled IGNITER; and the UNAIRWORTHY condition of my flight(S); during my PREFLT of the flight deck. the First Officer; still in his first YR at air carrier; did notice the disabled circuit breaker; but believed it to be part of a routinely disabled system. he did not recognize the UNAIRWORTHY condition. I pushed back with an UNAIRWORTHY aircraft because one half of at least one ignition system was inoperative as a result of the related circuit breaker being intentionally disabled by maintenance and then not returned to the functioning position after the check was over. the engine(S) started normally. I flew this aircraft for 2 legs with it in this condition. the Captain; who accepted the aircraft from me once we returned to seattle; noticed what I had failed to detect.,Proficiency
721917,OBTAINED standard briefing from ABQ Flight Service Station. one of the Global Positioning System NOTAMS was that 2 'PRN codes are unavailable.' I've got a PHD in engineering; so I know what a PRN code is and how to create one; but the Flight Service Station information was absolutely useless. which satellites and which Global Positioning System channels (Celsius/a) use those 2 PRN codes? what does this mean in terms of Global Positioning System availability and accuracy? briefer had no idea; and said that PRN codes was not even in his glossary. he also said that the Notice To Airmen came from the Federal Aviation Administration; and he had no idea what the Notice To Airmen meant. this Notice To Airmen is about as bad as they come -- something ISN't right; but we won't tell you what'S wrong; or if it even makes a difference.,Familiarity;Resource Deficiency
722667,TULSA riverside (RVS) and tulsa international (TUL) airports have an Letter Of Agreement that all Instrument Flight Rules departures off runways 1L and 1R are to maintain 2500 feet Mean Sea Level and expect requested altitude 10 minutes after departure. additionally they are all given a 320 degree heading. 13 mile NW of RVS; there is an antenna with an Minimum Vector Altitude of 3100 feet Mean Sea Level for a 5 Nautical Mile radius. the 320 degree heading aims departures directly at the antenna. departures must be given an additional turn or climb prior to 8 mile out. even if the departure is only doing 100 Knots; it will be too close to that antenna before the 10 minute (No Radio) altitude restrict. today; an aircraft departed runway 1L on the above heading and altitude per the Letter Of Agreement. upon departing; the radar tag for the aircraft did not automatic acquire. a radar target appeared; but had a mode Celsius altitude indication of FL270. unable to positively identify the radar target as the aircraft. I issued the current altimeter and advised the pilot of the possible discrepancy. the pilot acknowledged that his mode Celsius was not correct. I called TUL to advise them of the aircraft'S position; altitude; and mode Celsius problem. the controller at TUL told me to 'stand by.' not having the authority/authorized to climb or turn the departure without permission from TUL; this allowed the aircraft to penetrate the 5 mile safety zone of the antenna. contributing factors: pilot departing with faulty transponder. poor procedure of aiming aircraft at a known obstacle at an altitude that is below the Minimum Vector Altitude. TUL controller should have immediately issued a turn or climb rather than a standby.,Other;Resource Deficiency
722668,LJ45 turned onto runway 26 after given a takeoff clearance on runway 22. an immediate correction was made by alerting of the wrong runway -- before takeoff roll began. to prevent a recurrence such as this one; include in the takeoff clearance for runway 22 to cross runway 26.,Proficiency
722675,THE normal Instrument Landing System approach to runway 5R is not available and smog/fog is at or near minimums for the non-Instrument Landing System approach. clearance is to fly the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range runway 5R. at minimums the aircraft is lined up with runway 5L and it is the closest and most prominent runway in sight. runway 5R is more distant and not nearly as visible! we IDENTED and initially lined up with runway 5L. the Head Up Display was also lined up with runway 5L. when we got tower we saw the error and corrected. as we taxied in we saw 2 other ARRS make the same mistake. this is going to bite somebody; it is extremely insidious!,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
722701,WHEN the gear did not retract after takeoff; it showed left main down; right main up/gear in transit. we lowered gear after consultation of checklist and landed safely in MGW. after consultation with maintenance; we departed for CLE and encountered the same problem. we decided to return to MGW and have maintenance inspect the aircraft. after a safe landing; maintenance discovered that the main gear was also secured with unmarked/UNFLAGGED pins. supplemental information from ACN 722704: the First Officer proceeded to do a detailed WALKAROUND of the aircraft. on his WALKAROUND he proceeded to remove the only gear pin that we knew was installed on the aircraft; the NOSEWHEEL gear pin. what we did not know was that the left and right main gear had also been pinned; much less without streamers or flags affixed to the pins. contributing factors: 1) mechanic'S failure to recognize that the cockpit indications meant what they did. 2) maintenance failure to place back streamers on aircraft gear pins.,Resource Deficiency
722714,ON takeoff roll the flap/slat warning went off. I aborted the takeoff and we discovered the flaps/slats had not been extended at all. we RECONFIGURED completed the checklist properly and took off for MSY. we both agreed that the challenge 'flaps and slats' on the mechanical checklist had not been announced. we were both quite sure that it WASN't a matter of paying lip service to the checklist. it is likely that the tab had been closed out accidentally. we both thought of doing a takeoff warning horn check as is our habit; but neither of us initiated it. there were no significant DISTRS. fatigue may have entered into the situation to some degree.,Physical Factors
722729,WE were cleared to land on runway 35L at dia. the weather was 600 feet overcast with a visibility of between 1/2 and 1 mile. the approach was briefed for category 1; with the First Officer as the Pilot Flying. while the aircraft descended crossing the threshold; the denver tower instructed us to go around. both pilots at that same time observed the METROLINER aircraft in the touchdown zone of runway 35L. the Pilot Flying advanced the throttles to toga and applied full back pressure on the controls. a successful go around was completed and we landed on runway 35R. due to the aircraft size; low visibility and blowing snow; the METROLINER was impossible to see until we were directly upon it. the saving factors were good training; flying the approach as category 1; not category 3 where pilot'S attentions are more inside focused and an alert tower controller. I feel that the crew could not have done anything different. the other party should not have been on the runway without proper clearance.,Physical Environment
722742,I was taxiing on SC and I had received a taxi clearance from ground to taxi to AA via taxiway Mach Number. SC markings were covered with snow and taxiway CTRLINE lighting was also invisible. as I searched for the CTRLINE an aircraft was going n on taxiway Mach Number from taxiway a. at this point I was not quite to taxiway left. the snow started blowing and reduced my visibility; not sure if it was caused by the wind or propeller wash. as I concentrated to find center I saw green CTRLINE lighting; made the left-hand turn inadvertently ending up on runway 35L. I never saw the wig wags guarding runway 35L; after I made my left-hand turn; the runway lighting DIDN't register until ground asked my position. I took the first reverse high speed from there to exit the runway. because of when I picked up the green CTRLINE lighting and I never saw the wig wags; I thought I was still on SC; and not M2.,Physical Environment
722759,AFTER landing at ZZZ; advised by the tower that smoke was coming from right tire assembly. as a precaution Captain had the fire department inspect aircraft on taxiway after clearing runway. fire department RPTED no smoke; tires ok and brakes not hot. there were no abnormal indications during the landing and taxi in. after leaving the cockpit; Captain was informed by our maintenance that a tire was blown; discovered on POSTFLT inspection.,Resource Deficiency
722760,THE event happened after we were cleared to descend via the chins 5 arrival into sea. the arrival has a restrict of 280 Knots at 16000 feet at RADDY. Air Traffic Control asked our indicated AIRSPEED approximately 15 Nautical Mile prior to RADDY. I responded and noted that we were about 250 Knots Indicated Airspeed and asked what speed they needed. they directed us to comply with the 280 Knots Indicated Airspeed restrict at RADDY. we increased AIRSPD to 280 degree and continued the arrival; approach and landing. once on the ground; tower advised us to call ZSE area supervisor. our discussion afterwards CTRED on the fact that our new lower cost index 15 in the B737NG descends at 256 Knots Indicated Airspeed which is slower than the arrival requires. even though both pilots reviewed and verified the speed and altitude RESTRS on the arrival and in the aircraft database; the aircraft slowed in Vertical Navigation to match the lower cost index 15 speed.,Other
722853,WE had been cleared for a visual approach to runway 27 at san. this after initially arriving via the BARET four arrival Standard Instrument Departure. night and severe clear. initially we were given a clearance to proceed direct to swatt intersection and intercept the localizer. subsequently we received (accepted) a visual approach clearance. the Captain (the Pilot Flying) elected to remain on the direct to swatt track (IE; we'LL just remain on this heading until we intercept). the Captain called for the altitude to be set to 3600 feet for swatt. I set this in the Flight Control Unit window. as we descended through about 5000 feet I stated that the current heading would take us over some terrain and obstacles that are charted at 2791 feet. these features were visual and at 12 O'clock position. there is terrain with radio towers situated on top. at about 4500 feet the Captain decreased the rate of descent; and at about 4000 feet the descent rate was minimal -- maybe 200 Feet Per Minute down. the EGPWS display was displaying light green -- corresponding to the terrain ahead. as the aircraft passed over the top of the obstacles we received a Ground Proximity Warning System mode 2A warning: 'terrain; terrain...pull up; pull up.' the Captain applied toga power and began a pitch up. almost immediately the warning ceased -- and the warning lights extinguished. the aircraft had really not even responded (yet) to the commanded maneuver (IE; it happened so fast beginning to end). the Captain retarded the throttles and we proceeded to a successful visual approach and landing. I believe that the rate of closure with the rising terrain -- though not in our actual flight path -- generated the Ground Proximity Warning System warning.,Unexpected
100045,I was Captain on flight PKB to pit. while dispatching flight several mistakes became known to me re: the weight and balance manifest before dispatching the flight. I discussed these with the Fahrenheit/O and the miscalculated weight and balance manifests were discarded. the filed weight and balance manifest reflected 1600# as takeoff fuel weight; but in fact was ramp fuel weight; the takeoff fuel weight being 1500 pounds which should have gone on the weight and balance form in the takeoff fuel weight section.,Proficiency
100754,LOCATED at the approximately coordinates listed above are 5 towers supporting various microwave radio-relay antenna. two towers are located E of U.S. highway 85 (site 1) and 3 towers are located W of the highway (site 2). one of the towers supports Ultra High Frequency antenna that appears to be part of an Air Traffic Control radio-relay air-to-ground/telephone land-line interface point. these towers appear to be approximately 80-100' in HT and only 1 tower in each cluster has an operable red obstruction hazard light on its top. 2 of the somewhat shorter towers have what appears to be obstruction hazard lights on their tops but they are not operational. these towers do have; however; operating obstruction hazard lights at their midpoints. the last tower has no hazard warning lights at all. this situation has existed since at least 9/87 and I brought it to the attention of the casper Flight Service Station on about mid-10/87. these unlighted (or at least inadequately lighted) towers represent; in my judgement; a significant hazard to air navigate. they are situated on/very close to a major ARWY (V19) on a ridge crest; and in an area in which a significant amount of flight TRNING is conducted on a year round basis. in my judgement the simplest and most economical solution would be to return and maintain the installed lights to operational status and properly light the remaining tower.,Resource Deficiency
101063,TKOF lax landing gear would not retract; gear handle would not go past mid position and gear would not retract. performed abnormal checklist and no help. returned to lax and landed overweight. performed OVERWT checklist. also had a buffet at speed above 220 Knots. kept speed below 210 Knots. returned for landing. no further problem! callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following: problem was caused by double failure of both the primary and backup channel in electronic lock box that is in the circuit to prevent gear handle retraction if it senses something wrong. could not determine what caused buffet. as cabin attendant felt it at their seats which are about over nose gear; suspect it was something to do with nose gear; possibly gear door partly open; but all appeared normal when back on ground.,Resource Deficiency
101066,PVT pilot flight test in which I was acting as examiner. first takeoff was a planned and briefed soft field takeoff on runway 23 at placerville. soft field takeoff was initiated at hold line with a rolling takeoff. power checked satisfactory; plus oil temperature and pressure checked; full back elevator and on CENTERLINE. as the elevators became effective and nose wheel came airborne; the pilot applicant began drifting to left of CENTERLINE. as nose raised further; now blocking forward runway visibility; the left drift slowed as though the applicant recognized the problem and was initiating a correction. I was going to take control at this point; but it appeared that applicant had control. the left wheel (both mains still on ground) came off the runway and at this point I initiated corrective action; continuing the takeoff and returning to CENTERLINE. returned control to applicant at crosswind. if the examiner has to take control of the aircraft during a check flight this is a failure of that check ride. at this point neither of us had any indication of a light strike. both of us thought it only a runway excursion and as such agreed to continue the CHKRIDE in order to complete as many tasks before a retest. total flight time was 1 1/2 hours. it was only later that day we found out about the dented right wing and broken runway light. I believe this happened because I delayed taking control of aircraft sooner. corrective action is being done and future applicants will be briefed as to my taking control for safe flight. callback conversation revealed the following: confirmed applicant was student pilot getting checked for private license. also ascertained damage was discovered by next pilot to fly aircraft during PREFLT. damage was tear in fabric under wing and as crew had felt no contact with runway light did not post flight check under wing. examiner said a&P at field said it would be classed as incident and Federal Aviation Administration not involved.,Proficiency
101151,CLRED for Instrument Landing System approach; given a heading to intercept Instrument Landing System 23L at RDU. Navigational Aid was IDENTED (Instrument Landing System and Nondirectional Radio Beacon) on both #1 and #2 receivers; along with Nondirectional Radio Beacon. #3 receiver was tuned to RDU VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; IDENTED and the Distance Measuring Equipment was held from the #2 for distance reference from VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. just prior to outer marker we were handed off to tower. I questioned either approach or tower when I noted some fluctuations of the needle left and right which seemed strange with light winds (3 dots to full scale). as we chased the needle around it seemed like it may be returning to normal when at about 1000' Mean Sea Level it went full left and right. at that time I commanded my Fahrenheit/O to go around and at that moment we got ground contact and parts of the airport environment in sight. we continued to a normal landing. the problem was we were about halfway between the parallel runways; maybe as much as 1/8 of a mile to the right of the CENTERLINE of runway 23L. it seems that the only thing we could have done was to execute a missed at the first sign of problems; although this happens fairly often as you are just intercepting the Instrument Landing System and may cause false or unnecessary go around'S.,Resource Deficiency
101160,THIS is just (another) comment on radio discipline. yes; controllers do talk too fast. we are using equipment older than most of today'S work force and it engages a lot slower than our brain(S). it'S hard; very hard; to wait after we key the microphone before we speak. with today'S hub system there are times when non stop talking ISN't enough to keep up. I'Mach Number reminded of the 'I love lucy' show where she (lucy) is working in the candy factory. as soon as she learns her job the conveyor belt speeds up faster and faster. well; I can't stuff aircraft in my pockets or down my shirt as lucy did the candy (much less Expected Approach Time them). so much for rapid fire CLRNCS. look how we; controller and pilot; are being 'helped' by the use of flight #'S. again; this is most troublesome during a hub push. an example ABC 1948; ABC 1958; ABC 1608; ABC 1938; plus others; will be on the frequency at the same time! those in the air and on the ground had better be on their toes! on top of that; the response I get most often to a clearance will be; 'roger.' now; 'who said that?!'; is my response. this could go on forever; but enough can't be said in favor of good radio discipline. it'S the only real tool we have to make this system work. I think we are stuck with the hub system. it'S good for the big boys on fifth avenue; but not so out here in the field. so; you folks in the air; use your full call sign; make sure you hear your call sign; and I'LL do my best to make sure that I'Mach Number heard and understood. let'S all make this a new year'S resolution we keep.,Communication Environment
101161,THE seymour johnson echo military mperating mrea (in NC) is activated on an as needed basis. in the past; GSB tower contacted the controller at SAMLO sector for the airspace; who in turn would coordination with the affected sectors. GSB tower complained several months ago that on occasion it takes several minutes to activate. the result is the approach supervisor contacts the Fahrenheit area supervisor for the military mperating mrea who is to do the coordinating with the affected sectors. the problem has been continually with the supervisor giving away the airspace without the controllers approval or in several cases without his knowledge. in one case there was an aircraft in the altitudes given away. I am now keeping a list of specific times and events concerning this matter.,Other
101285,UPON gear extension one green gear down light failed to illuminate; gear was recycled and same occurred again; a go around was executed. crew completed required checklist procedures and returned for an uneventful landing; after gear was determined to be down and safe. Air Traffic Control was helpful in that they kept us informed of traffic and did not require extensive maneuvering from us; allowing crew to complete procedures more expeditiously and land sooner. my compliments to DFW terminal controllers. well done. aircraft remained on runway until gear was pinned. then taxied to gate. crash rescue was requested and were standing by; but not needed. the system worked well.,Resource Deficiency
101291,MISTOOK el toro military airfield for john wayne airport and entered actual time Of arrival for downwind approach. john wayne tower alerted me I was at el toro and to proceed 180 degree turn S to coast then vectored me to john wayne pattern entry. identify should be positive before entering pattern at unfamiliar airport for landing.,Familiarity
101300,FLT plan filed from PBI-MSP. we were climbing to (what we thought was) FL220. center had cleared us to FL200. we were looking for traffic that center advised was in our 8 O'clock position at FL210. we even commented that this was strange since we would be climbing through that altitude. center advised that he showed FL206 on altitude readout and instructed us to return to FL200. shortly after returning to FL200; we were cleared to a higher altitude. center advised that they would be checking the tapes. we contacted center by phone the following day. we were only cleared to FL200; and we had rogered FL200. the copilot had set FL220 in the altitude ALERTER; but read back FL200 to center. obviously; both of us made a mistake. I should have been more aware of the altitude calls; and what was being set in the altitude ALERTER. again; we may be relying on the altitude ALERTER too much and not paying enough attention to basic instrument readout in addition to the obvious. listen to the radio calls! the Air Traffic Control tape showed our highest altitude to be 20700'; with a vertical sep of 300' and latitude sep of 3.7 mile. this sep was from an LGT at FL210.,Preoccupation;Proficiency
101307,WHILE taxiing for departure; we were told to hold short of runway 32. as we were stopping the aircraft short of runway 32; and control repeated their 'hold short' instructions. at that time we noticed that we had stopped short of the 'old' hold line; but were inside of the 'new' hold line. with the sun setting; the 'old' hold lines were at least as easy to see as the 'new' hold line because they had been painted over with a gloss paint.,Physical Environment
101312,LAX Automatic Terminal Information Service was RPTING weather as 12 scattered; 21 broken; 2 1/2 plain fog 52/50 1707/30.14. actual weather much lower ceiling; visibility was approximately as RPTED. upon breaking out of the clouds just above minimums sighted an MLG Y on the runway just beginning his takeoff roll. lax had cleared me to land when we checked in over Final Approach Fix. as I was holding a correction right of the runway (due to crosswind also much stronger than RPTED) I elected to make a non standard go around. missed approach procedure called for a turn to 020 degree. if I had done that I would have flown either over the departing aircraft or we would have collided. I turned slightly more to the right and then attempted to parallel the runway in order to keep the departing MLG Y in sight. this was difficult due to weather conditions. we told lax tower we were going around and they told us to turn to 030 degree. this would have initially placed both aircraft in the same airspace. I told my Fahrenheit/O to ask where the departing aircraft was before we would turn. lax tower would not respond. as we were so close to the radar XMITTER site I do not believe they knew. we did establish some sort of trust in the tower controller and followed their instruction for another normal approach and landing. again; however; found the ceiling on final approach to be much lower than RPTED. question: why was I cleared to land with another aircraft on the runway? he was still in the t/D zone when we pulled up along side. why no update on the lax weather. even 30 minutes after our second approach and landing. SHOULDN't the tower controller tell me he DIDN't know where we were in relation to the departing aircraft after we both entered the clouds. supplemental information from ACN 101313: the aircraft on the ground was within the t/D zone markings as we approached the runway threshold. at no time during the approach did the tower warn us of his presence. it was not apparent to the tower that there was a conflict. it was apparent to us that a conflict existed. the Captain kept the aircraft on the ground insight as he called for missed approach. the tower directed us to turn left to 030 degree; which would have put us on a possible collision course. the Captain turned right until clear of the climbing aircraft; then we paralleled his course. as we climbed into the approximately 400' Mean Sea Level cloud deck the other aircraft passed our altitude. we then turned left and followed Air Traffic Control instructions. conclusions: aircraft on ground may have inadvertently delayed his takeoff roll. tower was unable to visually see pending conflict and margin of error for landing and departing aircraft was 0 in our case.,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
101351,EVENT: struck right landing light on MLG due to wing low attitude in landing flare. Captain flying aircraft. crew on duty since previous evening flying DFW-ONT-DFW. third straight night trip out of 3 in a row. during 2 hour and 15 minute situation around in ONT; no rest FACS provided by company. crew meals scheduled ONT-DFW; but not placed on board. snack bar/restaurant closed at ONT. fatigue a very large factor in this incident. Captain was restrict (less than 300 hours in aircraft) so required higher (1800 Runway Visual Range) minimums. AUTOLAND (category III) not authority/authorized for this Captain. I flew entire approach using flight guidance system to decision height (200'). all parameters normal. air carrier Y MLG landed with 5 mile RPTED spacing in front of us. at 200' Captain called 'approach lights in sight.' at 150' he disconnected the Auto-Pilot and AUTOTHROTTLES. immediately we went 1 Department Of Transportation high and slightly left. I continued calls per company procedure. at just under 100' he corrected; but lined up left of CENTERLINE. we floated to approximately 3000' down runway where turbulence from landing aircraft and drift correction allowed a momentary 10 degree right bank angle. Captain leveled aircraft and landed. right landing light destroyed from ground impact. all NIGHTERS should have mandatory meal/rest requirements. a minimum standard is needed. the Captain'S low time in the aircraft (147 hours); plus inadequate rest and nutrition all contributed.,Duty Cycle;Physical Factors
101374,ONTARIO approach controller told us 'cleared for the approach' over PDZ VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. later he told us to contact march GCA controller; which we did. (approach was hemet ryan Nondirectional Radio Beacon-a). march GCA controller told us to notify him when we were inbound on the approach. current position was 10-15 mile from the Initial Approach Fix; so I responded 'wilco.' 5 minutes later march GCA controller said; 'confirm you are inbound on the approach.' we were inbound to the Initial Approach Fix; so I responded; 'affirmative.' some time later the march controller said; 'continue you are inbound to hemet.' I said; 'affirmative;' then he said we were E of course; approaching mountains! after a climb and turn; he gave us vectors to the airport; where we landed W/O incident. apparently he knew we were off course all 3 times he said 'confirm you are inbound.' he should have said something more definite like; 'you appear to be E of course;' or 'you are 10 mile E of SETER intersection' that would have IDENTED and corrected the situation earlier.,Attitude
101378,TODAY; 1/89; I was saved from an embarrassing incident by the helpful controller at arrival. I was approaching the airfield from the se and was cleared to land on runway 27 and to enter and report a left OPS Base Operations Office. I had it in my mind that I would be landing on runway 9. from my position; landing on runway 9 would be either a right downwind entry or a right OPS Base Operations Office entry and I noted this to the controller and I was once again cleared to land. when it became obvious to the controller that I was entering the downwind for runway 9; he mentioned that fact and I finally realized my error. 5 YRS ago I would not have given this incident a second thought. however; with all of the publicity about Federal Aviation Administration enforcement; any kind of incident makes me uneasy. my perception of how the Air Traffic Control system should work is for it to be a team effort between the pilots and the controllers. it scares me in that at this point in time; it appears that more of an adversarial relationship is starting to develop; instead of a team effort. this can't be good for either group or for the millions who travel by air every year. a lot has been written in aviation related magazines lately about this topic. the point of view is usually from the cockpit. I would be interested in the attitudes and perceptions of the controllers.,Proficiency
101381,A new san diego noise regulation prohibits operation of a stage ii (LGT or MLG) aircraft after XB00 local. violators are subject to a fine. our scheduled departure time to lax was XA45. weather conditions in southern CA dictated flow restrictions past XB00. to avoid cancelling the flight; I contacted my dispatcher who also contacted Federal Aviation Administration central flow control in washington. the plan was; if we were unable to obtain a release by XB00; we would re-file to las and attempt to change destination en route. we added enough fuel for a san-las flight with PHX as an alternate and departed at XB00 filed san-las. en route center controllers were quite helpful with the destination change. I informed Air Traffic Control that I had plenty of holding fuel; and any position in the arrival stream was fine with me. upon arrival in lax; my dispatcher informed me that lax Air Route Traffic Control Center planned to violate us. subsequent communication between my company; Federal Aviation Administration central flow control and lax Air Route Traffic Control Center resulted in a verbal agreement not to file the violation. these thoughts and/or questions come to mind: we were unable to depart on any routing to lax; or to a lax holding fix; why? if Federal Aviation Administration central flow control had no problem with our plan; why did a lax Air Route Traffic Control Center supervisor want to file a violation? (communications problem?) I believe my crew and I did our passenger and company a service by operating our flight safely and by not violating local noise regulations; and (we firmly believe) Federal Aviation Regulation'S. the potential safety problem of rushed CHKLISTS and having to deal with this superfluous garbage to try to operate a flight could cause an accident.,Attitude;Other
101385,AS we were taking off on runway 9L at ord; shortly before reaching V1; I noticed an air carrier MLG Y taxiing se on the 14L parallel at a high rate of speed. he was approaching runway 9L. we were going much too fast to stop; and I doubted he was going to. about that time tower said; 'MLG Y hold you position.' (I don't remember his number.) there was no response from MLG Y. the next call from tower showed a lot of anxiety when he said; 'MLG Y; stop!' MLG Y then stopped a short distance from runway 9L as we went by. the MLG Y pilot; with a catch in his voice; asked tower if he was told to hold short. I and my crew are in disagreement as to the tower'S response. because of the stress of the moment; we all seem to have heard something else. we don't know if the tower said; 'yes; and we expect you to respond;' or if tower said; 'no; but we expect you to respond when we call you.' we were too busy at the time to pay a lot of attention. I did go into my rotation when I saw MLG Y and got in the air; and would have cleared him; but it would have been extremely close.,Preoccupation;Proficiency
101422,I am a new Captain on the aircraft with less than 100 hours as Captain. flight planning at MHT with weather at ord below my minimums; I conferred with dispatch and we mutually agreed to add fuel and be able to hold as longitude as possible in the ord area pending weather improvement. arriving in ord area weather was still below my minimums of 300-1. held at story intersection for over 1 hour as weather at ord was on improving trend. conferred with dispatch and changed alternate to GRR; deleting MSP and DTW in order to extend hold capability. weather finally improved with Runway Visual Range of 5000' and we were pulled from holding to begin vectoring for approach. as we were intercepting Instrument Landing System to 14L; about 10 mile from outer marker; approach control stated Runway Visual Range was now 2800'. we informed approach we needed 4500' or 1 mile to begin approach. controller'S response was to stay on approach and to inform tower of intentions. it was at this time that I realized that because of the time I had spent in the holding that the possibility existed that my minimums might convert to Celsius-I as the extra flight time might put me over 100 hours. the last weather for my alternate; GRR; was deteriorating where weather at ord was improving. if we now abandoned the approach and diverted to GRR; there was the distinct possibility that the weather at GRR would be worse than at ord; and fuel considerations were becoming important. not having the time to RECHK the weather at GRR and to accurately add my time; I decided to REBRIEF the approach to 14L for Celsius-I minimums as the last RPTED Runway Visual Range was 2800'. we set our bugs to 852'; or 200' above field elevation. at 900' the runway approach lights were visible and at 852' the decision bar and runway threshold were visible with aircraft perfectly aligned with runway. at 50' below Minimum Descent Altitude I disconnected the Auto-Pilot and landed. a normal 40 degree flap landing was made with a normal stop and we exited runway 14L at the high speed about midway down runway. we informed tower we were clear and taxied to gate. it was not until later when I added my time that it showed I had 98:55; not the 100 hours required to observe Celsius-I minimums. under all variables that affected this flight I feel that the decision to continue approach to Celsius-I minimums was the safest.,Physical Environment;Pressure;Proficiency
101423,THE controller asked us to intercept a radial to the fellows VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. both pilots attempted to reprogram the flight management system; but failed. neither pilot realized that we had passed the assigned intercept point until the controller assigned a new heading to REINTERCEPT the radial. moral of the story: one pilot should always be following the aircraft'S progress using 'raw data;' so that an Flight Management System malfunction can be discovered quickly.,Resource Deficiency
101426,WHILE on the ground at day S I received my instrument clearance from day departure via radio/land line communications. I read the clearance back and was told READBACK correct. the controller then proceeded to talk to someone else. there were no departure restrictions in the clearance. approximately 1 minute later I departed. another minute later I contacted day departure and the controller asked 'who released you?' from this question I assume the controller was not expecting me to depart but was expecting me to hold for release. paragraph 323 of the Aeronautical Information Manual states that a controller may assign departure restrictions when necessary. in this instance no departure restrictions were given. paragraph 270 of the Aeronautical Information Manual states; 'when Air Traffic Control issues a clearance or instruction pilots are expected to execute its provisions upon receipt.' I had my clearance with no departure restrictions so I executed my clearance and departed. at this point I don't feel that I have done anything in violation of the Federal Aviation Regulation'S or Aeronautical Information Manual. however; there was a pilot/controller communication problem. I feel that the Aeronautical Information Manual should be amended to require a radar release; active/void time; release time; or the statement 'contact departure on (frequency) when airborne' when departing an uncontrolled field on an instrument flight plan. this should help enforce pilot/controller XCHKING during communications. from now on I will always check first.,Resource Deficiency
292796,AFTER landing; as the Captain was turning from runway to taxiway; the tower gave instructions to taxi to hold short of runway 30L; then added; TXWYS RPTED slippery. almost immediately the aircraft started sliding to the right coming to rest with both right main tires off the taxiway. the aircraft was secured and passenger were deplaned with people movers. the tower'S remark was the first indication that the TXWYS were slick. Automatic Terminal Information Service did not have a notice; and NOTAMS had a reference to runways being deiced but; also neglected to mention the TXWYS; the speed on exit was normal for a dry or wet runway. unfortunately; the hazard was not brought to this crew'S attention until too late. as we sat in the aircraft waiting for maintenance help and the people movers; a liberal coat of sand was applied to the taxiway.,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
292800,I set the Auto-Pilot on and could not get the altitude hold button to work. I was then distracted by one of the passenger and as my head was turned around; the airplane climbed 300- 500 feet above my assigned altitude of 10000 feet. I immediately descended to 10000 feet and stayed there. the controller advised me of my deviation and I acknowledged him.,Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
292813,AT approximately XA30; just W of rapid city VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; a passenger went into convulsions. 2 doctors and a nurse took control of the problem for us. after a period of time; the doctors stated that she needed hospitalization as soon as possible. deviated to lincoln. on descent; one of the doctors came forward stating that they would need certain medications upon arrival in order to stabilize her; and that these medications are not normally carried in emergency vehicles. I elected to have him come into the cockpit and use the radio himself; in order that there would be no mistakes made in what was needed. by the time he was satisfied; we were on short final and it was safer to have him remain in the cockpit rather than return to the cabin.,Other;Unexpected
292814,LNDG in crosswind; landing was uneventful. during ROLLOUT gust pushed aircraft off left side of runway onto wet grass. aircraft continued ROLLOUT and struck Visual Approach Slope Indicator board with left wing. no injuries; minor damage. believe wind may have swung to quartering tailwind after landing. wet grass made recovery to hard surface unobtainable.,Physical Environment
324369,WHILE descending through 3500 feet on V334 approximately 10 Nautical Mile NE of the san jose VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range I suddenly saw a light twin aircraft; light blue and white in color; probably a beech dutchess; crossing in my 10-11 O'clock position; at my altitude left to right and at a distance of about 1000 feet. I made an immediate descending sharp left turn as an evasive maneuver. I passed behind and under the twin at a minimum distance of about 300 feet. I was in radar flight following and had been advised of traffic at 12 O'clock 4500 feet; 1 mile; same direction moments prior to this. after RPTING the near miss; I was told by the controller that he saw no traffic at my altitude. I assured him that there indeed was traffic. facts/opinions: had I not made the immediate maneuver I am convinced we would have collided. I am very committed to continuous scanning for traffic and was distracted by the advisory I was given and so failed to look left at that time in particular. I would guess the twin was 'sneaking through' the class Celsius and maybe nearby class B airspace by not activating his transponder. only other explanation is controller missed return or there is a radar blind spot in this area and altitude unless twin was replying with altitude 1000 feet in error.,Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
324607,5 minutes before descent 'leading edge slat asymmetrical' and 'leading edge' amber light came on. our system maintenance said 'everything should work normally.' early on high downwind; attempted flaps to 1 degree then 5 degree. no leading or trailing devices. declared an emergency; called for fire equipment. called maintenance; prepared cabin for evacuate/evacuation. on landing; 15 mile on final; using alternate procedures; got 20 degree trailing flaps. landed reference 20 + 20 Knots. uneventful landing and taxi in. First Officer and flight attendants did good job. used 'off line' jump seat rider for some tasks.,Resource Deficiency
324608,I am a newly rated Captain at my commuter airline. prior to being rated as a Captain I had never before flown the SA227 METROLINER; however; I do not believe this had significant effect on the outcome of the incident. at the time of the incident; I was occupying the left cockpit seat of the aircraft while undergoing Initial Operating Experience with a training Captain in the right seat. we were completing the last of 4 legs of our trip. we landed on runway 32 at imperial; CA; and exited the runway to the E taxiway normally. once established on the taxiway we noticed that our single nose gear mounted taxi light was inoperative. although the environment was extremely dark; visibility along the taxiway was adequate using the existing blue edge lights. however; the taxiway lights did not extend all the way to the entrance to the airline terminal ramp; and it was difficult to see that entrance; especially without adequate aircraft lighting. compounding the problem was the glare from the lights at the terminal which effectively washed out any adequate definition of the ground surface. upon approaching the terminal ramp I said to the training Captain; 'should I turn in here?' he responded with what I understood to be an affirmative so I began my left turn. 2-3 seconds later I felt what I thought was the left main gear moving through something soft. we had entered the dirt with the left main gear about 2 feet out from the edge of the pavement. after traveling about 20 feet in this manner; in a straight line; the aircraft returned to the pavement. later inspection of the area also revealed the left propeller had struck a lightweight plastic reflective marker; about 1 feet in height; embedded in the dirt near the pavement. the marker could not be seen because there was no light to illuminate it; nor were there any cockpit indications at the moment the propeller struck the marker to indicate this had taken place. company maintenance subsequently inspected the aircraft; including the propeller; did engine runs and found no damage of any kind. imperial county airport AUTHS were notified and no action was taken against me or my company. I believe I relied too much on the training Captain'S ability to correct my mistakes and not enough on my own judgement. although not recommended for use on the ground; had I turned on the landing lights momentarily this may not have occurred.,Familiarity;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
324613,THIS bird strike occurred in an area known for bird activity; the NAPALI coast; island of kauai; hi. this area is a primary sight-seeing area for tourists who view the NAPALI by air; sea; and hiking trails. the birds who inhabit the NAPALI are high flying birds found at altitudes above 1000 feet above ground level. since the implementation of SFAR 71; helicopter FLTS are forced into airspace occupied by not only other aircraft; but the majority of bird life which inhabits the HAWAIIAN islands. prior to SFAR 71; pilots could select altitudes which best minimized or eliminated potential conflicts with other aircraft; wildlife; and prevailing weather. the SFAR 71; as written; does not adequately consider factors relevant to pilot and passenger safety. the bird struck the nose of the helicopter and deflected into the front windshield; passenger side breaking out an area of plexiglass of approximately 8 inches by 12 inches. the glass entered the cockpit and cabin but did not inflict any injury or further damage. the aircraft sustained no damage other than the windshield; and the flight was continued to OPS Base Operations Office for repairs. the final leg of the flight was conducted below 1000 feet above ground level to avoid further conflict with birds and other air tour aircraft.,Other;Physical Environment
324620,TAXIED off runway 05 onto taxiway B5. we were cleared to the ramp. I ask controller if we're cleared all the way in onto taxiway R3 which joined taxiway B5. he said cleared to the ramp or parking. we stopped on taxiway R3 after we saw no taxi signs and asked again and he said this time he DIDN't control the ramp. so we continued on in using caution because 2 other parked airplanes were close. our 10T page after parking said it was a no taxi area for MLG'S. have controllers explain that taxiway R3 is a no taxi area. no mishap or close call just a little confusion.,Communication Environment
324625,I was returning to my home OPS Base Operations Office VNY after landing and turned off on the high speed taxiway. my right wheel went off the blacktop about 4 or 5 feet. my right wing hit an unlighted sign that is about 15 feet off the blacktop. I also knocked out the lamp and bulb on 1 green taxiway light. there is substantial damage to my right wing. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states the main problem was pilot behavior/fatigue. the flight had been very turbulent and it was concluding at night. while RPTR is familiar with the airport; he mistook the taxiway edge lights for the taxiway CTRLINE lights. this put him off center and was the reason for his taxiway excursion. the sign was the second problem as it was not lighted and he feels it is too high for low wing aircraft. the sign is lighted in the opposite direction. he spoke with Federal Aviation Administration personnel but has heard nothing further. he feels the airport management knows the sign should be lighted. they have said nothing to him nor sent him a bill for the repairs.,Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
324630,LANDED SWF. usual taxi instructions for runway 09. right on runway 34; right on taxiway a to ramp. runway 34 closed due to snow and ice; instructed to continue on runway 09 then right on taxiway A5. Captain turned right on runway 34 instead of continuing to taxiway A5. both ground control and Flight Crew realized mistake. crew asked if required 180 degree turn to continue runway 09 to taxiway A5; and continue taxiway a to gate. ground advised crew discretion. continued on taxiway a to gate. asked ground if any problem; ground replied no.,Physical Environment;Proficiency
324637,AFTER lining up on runway 35; the tower changed our departure heading from 340 degree to a 'left turn to 280 degree; maintain 8000 feet Mean Sea Level.' my copilot (Pilot Flying) and I both set our Horizontal Situation Indicator'S to the new heading. after takeoff and approximately 800 feet above ground level; the Pilot Flying turned left to 280 degree; continuing the climb to 8000 feet Mean Sea Level. the initial climb rate was 2800 Feet Per Minute at 200 Knots. I contacted salt lake departure; and a few seconds later; while 'mentally' flowing through the climb checklist; the Pilot Flying suddenly initiated a moderate turn to the right and stated; 'he'S coming right at us.' simultaneously; the radar controller called our traffic at ? position and 9000 feet. at this time; I did not see the traffic nor did I have time to respond to the controller; but firmly commanded the Pilot Flying 'to return to a 280 degree heading and to watch the climb rate!' the Pilot Flying was apparently distracted by the traffic approaching from his 1 O'clock position and perceived it as a traffic conflict. I now saw the bright lights of the aircraft; hesitated briefly; and decided it was not a traffic conflict. the Pilot Flying had now turned to an approximately heading of 300 degree; when he started responding to my commands to turn back to the assigned heading. now; as the assigned altitude of 8000 feet Mean Sea Level was being reached; I emphatically called out 'altitude; altitude.' at approximately 8100 feet Mean Sea Level; with palms of both hands; I briskly forced the control yoke forward arresting the climb near an altitude of 8300 feet Mean Sea Level. the controller now entered the scenario requesting our heading and altitude. I quickly explained that the Pilot Flying had 'perceived' a traffic conflict situation and had maneuvered the aircraft. the controller replied; 'that traffic was at 9000 feet Mean Sea Level and your altitude may have been 8500 feet Mean Sea Level; you may hear about this.' the entire incident lasted approximately 10 seconds.,Preoccupation;Proficiency
324641,THE problem was caused by the PA18 using the crosswind runway and not flying at the correct altitude for the pattern. it was discovered by myself on CLBOUT by the PA18 getting bigger in my windshield. the corrective action taken was I went into a dive to avoid. also; communication on his radio was static and hard to understand. wherever 2 traffic patterns overlap; there is a chance of this.,Communication Environment;Proficiency
324710,COURSE deviation. inbound to oak cleared via the MADWIN 3. tuned in mod VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range instead of ECA and started tracking the wrong course. ZOA advised us of my error and we returned to course on the 229 degree radial past ECA.,Proficiency
324733,INGESTED ice on takeoff; after deicing in CVG. aircraft was covered with heavy coat of clear ice and about 1/4 inch of snow. I believe that while all the snow was removed; some clear ice remained after deice; and was not seen by deice crews. at rotation; the #1 engine surged and compressor stalled. after CLBOUT from the icing conditions; the aircraft was diverted to atlanta. #1 engine continued to surge and stall at higher power settings; but ran ok at reduced thrust. landing at ATL uneventful.,Physical Environment
324740,WX: first approximately 1000 feet of runway 24R and approach lights in clear; visual good. situation: we're cleared for visual approach runway 24R. at 1800 feet Mean Sea Level tower RPTS touchdown Runway Visual Range 1000 feet. a carrier behind us says; 'we're cleared for visual approach. we need clearance for Instrument Landing System approach.' clearance was issued. we asked for and received same clearance. for all practical purposes it was a visual approach until touchdown and ROLLOUT; which occurred uneventfully. next time; be aware of fog bank moving across field; especially when 1/2 of runway ISN't visible.,Physical Environment
324746,ON jan/wed/96 an air carrier F100 aircraft was flying a flight between xxx-ZZZ; then a flight between ZZZ-YYY. I; a ZZZ based mechanic was assigned the duty to park and service the aircraft. when the aircraft approached the gate I noticed it leaning heavily on the left wing. upon docking the aircraft I found that the left outboard main tire was flat. I brought that to the Flight Crew'S attention and they informed me it felt like they had a low tire. I contacted my lead mechanic and a fellow mechanic for assistance. my lead said to change both main tires. in doing this we found the left outboard main was blown and that the left outboard brake was seized up (apparently from deicing fluid attacking the carbon brakes). we changed the left outboard brake in accordance with F100 maintenance manual 32-42 and changed both left main wheel assemblies in accordance with a work card that came with the tires out of stock. when our work was complete our lead mechanic who assisted us on the job signed off the logbook and the aircraft was released for service. around XA30 (local) the F100 took off for YYY. upon takeoff the left outboard main wheel assembly and left outboard brake assembly fell off the aircraft as 1 piece. the aircraft returned to field and landed without incident. I do not understand why this happened but I do know we followed paperwork. supplemental information from ACN 324741: wheel was installed and torqued in accordance with maintenance manual and at no time was there any evidence of there being anything abnormal about the installation. supplemental information from ACN 324743: on arrival at ZZZ; we had experienced a flat tire on the left outboard main wheel. maintenance then changed both left main wheels as well as a defective outer left brake assembly. following our subsequent outbound takeoff; the tower RPTED that we appeared to lose at least 1 main wheel. a low-level fly-by confirmed that the outer left main wheel was missing. we then declared an emergency and entered holding in the local area to burn off fuel. after that we made an uneventful approach and landing on runway 28L at ZZZ. passenger and crew deplaned on the taxiway. suspected cause: improper installation. the maintenance department is currently conducting an investigation.,Resource Deficiency
324749,FLT was all night red eye from cos-EWR. on final with gear extension all 4 anti-skid fail lights came on. approach missed to climb out of icing and holding entered to troubleshoot problem. due to snow at our alternate and good braking RPTED at EWR we elected to shoot another approach at EWR. during approach second check of circuit breaker panel discovered the parking brake control circuit breaker popped. resetting this circuit breaker corrected the problem. normal landing ensued. human factors: fatigue from all night flying with severe winter weather probably delayed discovery of popped circuit breaker. maintenance control in EWR was called on the radio during troubleshooting of problem. they never answered. their input would have been helpful.,Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
324750,FIRE warning #3 engine. emergency; abnormal; and normal CHKLISTS performed per aircraft flight manual. good crew coordination.,Resource Deficiency
324760,WE were running late and in a hurry; already 8 hours into our scheduled 11 hour 20 minute crew day; we were trying to recover time lost earlier in the day. the First Officer needed something to Expected Approach Time so while he was getting dinner I got our outbound clearance (usually the First Officer'S responsibility) and read back our clearance for the summa 5 departure. upon the First Officer'S return I briefed him that we were cleared by the ELMMA 5 departure. neither of us caught the error; although; while I was reviewing ELMMA 5 I questioned in my mind the routing (I did not ask the First Officer his opinion of our routing; which probably would have caught my error). we departed using the ELMMA departure; and upon making our turn out of the airport area; seattle approach IDENTED our error and asked if we were flying the summa 5. we immediately realized our error and graciously accepted his vector toward our course. no conflict with other aircraft occurred and seattle departure did an excellent job of controling the situation. two unfortunately typical things contributed to this event. 1) we (I) let the schedule influence our decisions. 2) when I first questioned our routing I did not verbalize my concern to the First Officer. if we had slowed our pace and performed our normal duties the confusion would have been avoided.,Duty Cycle;Pressure;Proficiency
324810,AT approximately XA00 local; flight was descending to cross DRUZZ on the bucko 4 arrival at 15000 feet. Captain flying. Captain heard call to cross armel at 11000 feet; 250 Knots. Captain acknowledged call but copilot did not hear call so we verified our clearance and we were told that we had accepted someone else'S clearance. stopped descent and climbed back to 15000 feet. believe we were 400 feet low at lowest point. no conflict.,Communication Environment
324812,HAD trouble coordinating with Air Traffic Control -- no warning for the approach.,Other
324815,BEFORE the flight from YYC to ord the ground service crew towed aircraft to the gate from its overnight pad. the aircraft had ice on the wings so we informed the crew we would need to be deiced. the weather was clear with a temperature of 3 degree Celsius. we started the ENGS at the gate and applied engine anti-ice. we then prepared the aircraft for deicing which appeared to take place normally. after deicing we taxied to runway 34 with no delays and were cleared for an immediate takeoff. it was my takeoff and we were making a maximum power takeoff. I advanced power to 1.4 EPR and called AUTOTHROTTLES; which the Captain activated. acceleration was normal until about 80 Knots when I noticed a muffled noise and the aircraft yawed slightly right. I glanced once more at the AIRSPD and saw 90 Knots and then focused my attention back outside. the aircraft yawed right once more and the Captain initiated the abort between 90-100 Knots. we returned to the gate and left the flaps extended so an inspection could be made to insure there was no damage to the flaps. upon inspection of the right engine; a number of fan blades were bent out of shape. contract maintenance informed us that the fan would have to be changed if not the whole engine. upon inspecting the wings no damage was found; but there was ice on the wings just aft of the heater blankets and on the leading edges of the flaps. supplemental information from ACN 324727: aircraft commenced takeoff roll on runway 34 using maximum power due to having been deiced at gate. at approximately 80-90 Knots I noticed the right EPR fluctuate and felt aircraft pull slightly to right. I initiated an abort without incident and cleared runway. after arrival at gate I and the First Officer along with maintenance; observed several bent blades on the foremost compressor blade. we also observed several small spots of ice on the aft part of the right wing. it is unlikely this was picked up during taxi or even during the abort as the weather conditions were clear and the runway was also basically free of contaminants. this leads me to believe that the aircraft was not properly deiced to begin with.,Physical Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
324820,DISPATCHED from ord to san with right generator inoperative. Auxiliary Power Unit was kept running per Minimum Equipment List. at FL230; approximately 30 Nautical Mile NE BDF; the right generator picked up load of both Alternating Current busses. First Officer flying; leveled aircraft at FL240. Captain directed to declare emergency and return to ord. Captain completed CHKLISTS and First Officer flew approach and landing. uneventful taxi to gate. OVERWT landing entered in log.,Resource Deficiency
356627,ROANOKE tower was advised on dec/FRI/96; at XA00 local that our Automated Surface Observation System temperature and DEWPOINT was not accurate. the sensor had apparently been inaccurately RPTING all day. the National Weather Service told us that it was in error and they changed our weather display to show; 'missing' for the temperature and DEWPOINT. they also called someone to service the Automated Surface Observation System. the next morning; when I RPTED for the day shift (five and a half hours sleep due to forced quick turnaround; but that'S another story) I found that our air carrier FLTS could not depart because of the lack of weather information. after over an hour delay for one of the FLTS the air carrier obtained permission to use another weather source. the Automated Surface Observation System was not fixed until XH00 on dec/sat/96. several problems: 1) the equipment operated all day; sending out inaccurate information. I understood that temperature and DEWPOINTS are used in the forecasting models as well; therefore causing inaccurate forecasts to be generated. 2) after the technician could not be contacted; the National Weather Service was supposed to call a backup technician for this priority outage. they did not do this. 3) the maintenance technician said that the reason for the outage was lack of maintenance due to the fact that one of the technicians bid to another job and his spot was not filled. 4) while the technician worked on the equipment; he put it back on line and allowed it to disseminate inaccurate data -- that puts us back at item #1.,Resource Deficiency
356729,2 aircraft climbing NBOUND. aircraft #1 climbing to FL350. aircraft #2 climbing to FL280. aircraft #2 out-climbed aircraft #1 and vertical separation was lost. aircraft #2 should have been laddered up underneath aircraft #1 instead of climbing both to altitude and thinking #1 will out climb #2. supplemental information from ACN 356730: air carrier B747 and air carrier B737 both departed SFO and were in en route climb phase. right side recognized that horizontal and lateral separation was diminishing; but had vertical. he saw that vertical was 1100 feet and increasing and elected to let it alone. when rate of climb on top aircraft began to decrease; and vertical separation was decreasing; he was unable to take other action to ensure any other type of separation. he bet on rate of climb and did not ensure anything else.,Proficiency
356737,WHILE boarding; the #1 flight attendant advised me that we had a drunk passenger in row x. in a very short time the #2 flight attendant advised me that he was a problem and that she wanted him off the plane. I called the ramp tower and asked for police and the proper people. he left the airplane peacefully and I don't know what happened after that. the agent working the flight was very helpful. all in all; this was no big deal except for 1 major problem. I later found out that the guy was so drunk that he had to be helped on the airplane by the passenger assistance people. I don't mean our agents -- who of course would know better -- but the people that push the wheelchairs and drive the carts. someone needs to counsel these people that while their job may be to assist passenger; it is not to assist drunk passenger on the airplanes. I feel that if a guy is too drunk to walk on the airplane; then he is too drunk to ride for 2 1/2 hours on the same full airplane.,Other
356738,ON jan/thu/97; at approximately XA15 am; myself and another mechanic were sent to tow a DC10 from gate XX to the maintenance OPS Base Operations Office at ZZZ. after an uneventful PUSHBACK to taxiway a; we proceeded on taxiway a to taxiway U holding short of runway 28L. (I was the tug driver and in contact with the cockpit due to the fact that the radio in the tug was tagged broken. the brake rider was in contact with the tower.) the brake rider made a comment that the tower was busy and they were amending the directions several times. the brake rider said the tower had given him several options including taxiway U to taxiway right to taxiway Celsius; but we would hold still until further instruction. the brake rider then said we were clear to cross runway 28L. we started to cross when the brake rider said the tower told him we incurred the runway. the brake rider said he believed we were clear to cross runway 28L. we stopped on taxiway U at runway 28R. after several minutes; the brake rider told me we were clear to cross runway 28R. we went about 20 yards and we were told to stop. we came to a stop; still short of runway 28R. after several minutes we were given CLEARENCE to cross runway 28R. due to the tower training and weather conditions; a runway incursion did occur. the directions were amended numerous times. supplemental information from ACN 356950: I was riding brakes and operating the radio; talking and being directed by ZZZ ground control. the events started with my partner and I at gate XX ready to push back. I called ZZZ ground control for clearance to push back. 2 other amendments to the original instructions were made by ground. as radio operator I was confused by the changes made. I asked ground to repeat their instructions and told them that I was having hard time understanding their instructions. ground repeated by saying; tug XX go to taxiway U; hold short runway 28L; take TXWYS U; right; and Celsius. halfway across the runway 28L; ground called and said; tug XX stop! I told ground control that we were halfway across. at that point another controller took over. tug XX hold short of runway 28R; on taxiway U; READBACK. we were in position of the first hold line on taxiway U and moving towards runway 28R. ground control called and said tug hold short of runway 28R. read back; we stopped 20 yards before runway 28R threshold; on taxiway U. then we were cleared to cross runway 28R to taxiway Q and to W gate. the runway incursion took place on taxiway U crossing runway 28L.,Other;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
356740,PLEASURE flight to see flooded areas n and S of sac. rented C172. talking to sac approach; IE; Traffic Advisory'S; airplanes everywhere doing the same thing. left folsom dam regarding too many airplanes. went to MYV at 5500 feet. given traffic '5 mile; 5600 feet; 12 O'clock.' looked -- when did see; started dive. approach gave alert about 2 seconds later. dove below 5000 feet which is below 5000 feet temporary restrict area due to rescue operations. flew to sac and landed. will not go to area again that attracts other aircraft with sightseers. very dangerous! the other aircraft was SEL cessna. don't know if he saw us and I don't think he was in contact with sac approach.,Proficiency
356741,I was 'holding short' runway 8R awaiting takeoff clearance. tower controller (120.90) came on and said; taxi into position and hold. I read 'back position and hold runway 8R.' on the way to the runway; tower controller said; amend instructions; fly runway heading maintain 4000 feet cleared for takeoff. I read back the instructions and proceeded with the takeoff. on CLBOUT; tower controller said there had been a Pilot Deviation and he gave me the phone number to call when I landed. I phoned phoenix tower and I discussed the situation. he indicated to me that I was not cleared for takeoff and that the READBACK of my clearance was 'stepped on' by another aircraft. said that the Flight Standards District Office would investigate the incident and that I would be contacted at a later date. I would never blatantly disregard an Federal Aviation Regulation and takeoff without a takeoff clearance.,Other
356871,WHILE on a vector by approach control; approaching reno from NW; aircraft entered severe turbulence. AIRSPD fluctuations were +/-20 Knots and ALTDEVS were +/-300 feet. I decided to climb; when the Ground Proximity Warning System announced 'terrain;' but no 'whoop; whoop; pull up' was announced; I advanced power and climbed to 10000 feet while announcing to approach that we were climbing to 10000 feet and had encountered a terrain warning and severe turbulence. there is nothing I would have done differently.,Physical Environment
356886,EARLY morning (middle of the night) air ambiguity flight; single pilot. weather very good; Visual Meteorological Conditions entire trip. short (35 minute) leg each way to retrieve patient and bring back to ZZZ. on return leg to ZZZ; center cleared me to descend at discretion from FL210 to 16000 feet; approximately 80 Nautical Mile S of airport ZZZ. about 50 Nautical Mile S I began descent and advised center. about 40 Nautical Mile S; center asked me to contact approach on 118.3 (everything on tower frequency; this time of day XA00 local). I was listening to Automatic Terminal Information Service at the same time. I acknowledged center and continued to listen to Automatic Terminal Information Service which was advertising visuals to runway 03; which I was expecting. I reset my altitude ALERTER to indicate 'cleared for visual approach' erroneously. I checked in with tower and approach. told him I was descending for runway 3. when he asked my assigned altitude; I knew something was wrong. I was now about 14000 feet and last clearance was 16000 feet. uneventful approach and landing followed. no conflicts or loss of separation. primary factors: time of day: very tired; Federal Aviation Regulation below 100 percent mental alertness. it even took me a while to figure out what I had done. others: expectations and complacency. excellent weather; very familiar with all aspects of this flight. airport (and expected runway) in sight for a longitude time. I mentally repeated 'visual runway 3' when I heard it on Automatic Terminal Information Service and proceeded to do that; altitude wise. there was not a course deviation as the course to the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range set me up for runway 3 (also a contributor). corrective: exercise extreme vigilance when operating aircraft at times you should be and normally would be sleeping. be alert for 'expectation errors' when everything is familiar.,Attitude;Duty Cycle;Familiarity
356945,EXTREMELY busy after a runway change. had a broad mix of different type aircraft in downwind and forced to use many different altitudes to keep from overtaking slower with faster. I was stepping the jets down over the propellers. our procedures require my position to be at 9000 feet before turning OPS Base Operations Office leg. other final turns at 10000 feet. I thought I had taken the HS25 to 9000 feet; but he was still at 10000 feet when I turned him towards the final. once I noticed this; I descended the HS25 to 8000 feet and asked him to hurry. the C208 was on final at 10000 feet. I managed to get the HS25 about 700 feet below the C208 at turn-on. the HS25 went slightly through the Instrument Landing System and I corrected him back. once he was established; separation was achieved.,Taskload
356956,THE airspace in the vicinity of and the airport where I landed were temporarily restrict due to flooding in the area and flood related activities. the problem arose due to my failure to check with the local Flight Service Station and was discovered upon speaking with government (flood) officials at MYV airport.,Other
389695,JUST as they finished deicing our aircraft (A320) we received an aft cargo smoke warning. this warning was triggered by deicing fumes and the deicing process. a quick response by the ground crew to check the cargo area and confirm there was no smoke/fire prevented this from escalating into a ground emergency situation. this is a problem on the A320 -- deicing fluid gets by the cargo door seals setting off the warning. if the ground crew is not immediately available the crew must assume that it'S a real cargo smoke warning for something other than deicing. this has also occurred at the gate with an aircraft deicing at the next gate.,Resource Deficiency
389696,ON this date of jan/XA/98 I departed the airport on my annual flight. at approximately XA10 local time; I departed VGT on a left downwind departure from runway 7. departing to the W towards lone mountain; and clear of the VGT actual time Of arrival; I take up a heading towards the NW in the direction of the local practice area. proceeding on course and climbing to approximately 3500 feet Mean Sea Level; ahead and to my lower right; I observed a helicopter in a slow right turn; as the helicopter came around in his right turn and facing my direction; I banked my wings in hopes he would see me; and continued on my way. about this time VGT tower made a call to a metropolitan police helicopter; informing them that there was another helicopter W of them heading to lee canyon NW of las vegas. metropolitan police helicopter acknowledged and said also that they had a super cub in their vicinity (which was me). VGT tower called me advising me to the 2 helicopters. I responded tallyho on both. being that this was a flight with no known destination in mind; I proceeded to make some casual turns to the left and right and partaking of the beautiful scenery below. after some time I take up a heading toward the S in the general direction of lone mountain. as I was proceeding on course to the S; I again observed a helicopter to my lower left moving in a westerly direction. as he went astern; I made some turns to the left and right hoping to see where and what he was doing. I lost sight of him and proceeded S and passed just to the E of lone mountain. coming abeam of lone mountain and then following the newly installed power lines along the western side on the new las vegas belt way; staying at 3700 feet Mean Sea Level; knowing that the class B airspace of 4000 feet Mean Sea Level lay ahead if I were to continue on this southerly heading. abeam of red rock canyon; I turned W following the highway that Light Emitting Diode to the red rock canyon area; spending a few minutes there and satisfied all is well; turned around; proceeded in an easterly direction for the return flight to VGT. I listened to the Automatic Terminal Information Service at VGT and then called the VGT tower; received clearance to land on runway 7; and to call at three lakes for a straight-in to runway 7. a couple of mile out; I called VGT tower with a request to make a right turn at runway 12 intersection. VGT tower'S response was approved as requested. landing was executed successfully and returned to the hangar area; parking the aircraft in front of hangar door. shortly thereafter; a white truck pulls up alongside of my aircraft and 2 metropolitan helicopter police officers exit from the white pickup truck. the metropolitan helicopter police officers said that I was flying too low when abeam of sun city summerlin community area; which is adjacent to the PWRLINE and the belt parkway just S of lone mountain. the metropolitan helicopter police officers asked if I have a pilot license; and would I show it to them. and with the same great panache; I too produced my pilot license. the license is examined and information is noted on a writing pad. license is returned to me; the metropolitan helicopter police officers inform me not to fly low in the sun city summerlin area in the future; and depart. my aircraft is a 1937 J2 cub built by taylor aircraft company of lock haven; Public Address.,Other
389698,DURING CLBOUT after departing lax; part of the right wing (leading edge between the engine and the fuselage) was found to be torn/missing. a subsequent uneventful return to lax was made. emergency equipment was standing by upon landing and dismissed by the Captain after ascertaining the emergency equipment was not needed. I do not know what caused part of the right leading edge to break and I do not know when the breakage happened. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated that nothing actually departed the aircraft. this information came from a passenger who related it to a flight attendant. the RPTR said the #6 slat was visually checked extended and retracted and the area just behind the leading edge was separating. the RPTR stated on landing the airplane had a slight vibration at flaps 1 degree and it was decided not to extend the slats fully. the RPTR said the airplane was taken Out Of Service and no information was available from maintenance. supplemental information from ACN 390147: at approximately 12000 feet Mean Sea Level the senior flight attendant advised me that a passenger observed part of the right wing had separated from the aircraft. my First Officer went back to the cabin and checked the right wing. he RPTED to me that aircraft skin was missing behind slat #6. my First Officer contacted flight control and they agreed we should return to lax. I slowed the aircraft to 200 Knots and extended flaps to 1 degree. at that time we detected a small amount of vibration but no control problems. we landed on runway 25R at lax with no further problems.,Resource Deficiency
389840,LATE in what would be a 1 hour training flight in the pattern at san jose international airport; my student and I did a touch and go on runway 11 without clearance for the option. winds during the flight at the surface were variable from 130-210 degree at 9 Knots variable 16 Knots gusting to 21 Knots. winds aloft at pattern altitude of 1000 feet Mean Sea Level; were much stronger and a direct crosswind. needless to say; the patterns and LNDGS were difficult for my student and there was light turbulence on the downwind. I continued the flight; however; because my student was capable of handling the aircraft in these conditions and it was excellent experience for him. after approximately 4 touch and goes on runway 11; my student told me on the upwind that he thought we had not been cleared to land. he was right; we had not been cleared to land; or for the option; for that touch and go. I had completely forgotten and tower said nothing; so I told my student to say nothing over the radio and continue as before. tower cleared us for the option approaching OPS Base Operations Office on the next landing and the flight continued without further incident. while not too dangerous by itself; our UNCLRED landing was dangerous considering how busy the airport was. tower departed 1 aircraft off of runway 11 while we were on final; another was landing behind us; there was the usual steady stream of airline departures and ARRS on runway 12R; and several aircraft were stacked up on runway 12L for departure. tower simply forgot about that cessna in the pattern; and we forgot to get cleared to land as we were busy with the difficult patterns and watching for traffic. not exactly my finest moment as the all- powerful; student-mistake-catching Certified Flight Instructor.,Physical Environment;Proficiency
492891,I was cleared to taxi to runway 33. due to construction activities on the normal taxiway; I was cleared to taxiway g to runway 7 to runway 33. I believed I was cleared all the way to the E side across runway 33 and then double back on taxiway J for a standard full length departure. the controller informed me after I crossed runway 33 that he had not cleared me across runway 33. I believe the confusion over the taxiway closure and inattentiveness of the control tower Light Emitting Diode to this confusion. in the future; the controller could assist by stating; 'hold short; runway 33.',Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
493161,I called UNICOM for traffic advisory and was told that there was one aircraft taking off for touch and go and one inbound from the E for runway 20. I radioed that I would be making a left 45 degree entry into the pattern. while I was on the left 45 degree line about 1/4 mile from downwind entry; the warrior (Y); took off and made a quick left turn to downwind. I slowed the RV4 to minimum AIRSPEED for downwind and followed the warrior. when I was at the point to turn OPS Base Operations Office (1/4 mile passed the numbers); the warrior was still on downwind. I called the warrior and asked if he was landing at danville. he said he was; so I said that I would go around because I DIDN't like to fly a 3-mile final. I turned crosswind;upwind;crosswind and then downwind calling all out over the radio. when on downwind; I saw the warrior sitting on the runway. I called OPS Base Operations Office; then final; then short final; but the warrior kept sitting on the active runway. so I called out that I would go around again. when I was on upwind the warrior started taking off and climbed out quickly. when the warrior reached my altitude; it came over to the right side of the runway and I had to turn to miss him. after I passed the warrior; I called that I was turning crosswind and turned crosswind then downwind. at this time the aircraft inbound from the E was on downwind. I radioed that I had him in sight and would try to land behind him. he landed and called clear of active then I landed. I told the warrior that he was not suppose to stop on the active runway with traffic in the pattern. he DIDN't say anything; but that he wanted my n number. I gave him my n number and asked who was flying the warrior. he would not answer me. callback conversation with the RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR indicated that training school aircraft often stop mid-runway during touch and go operations at dan in order to conduct instructor student discussion sessions.,Other
493170,AFTER landing on runway 3 at ABQ; I exited the runway at taxiway Celsius. taxiway Celsius is set up as a high speed taxiway exit from runway 3; so my taxi speed was probably 30 Knots and decreasing as I taxied n on taxiway Celsius. momentarily; my attention was diverted to 2 F16'S making low approaches; gars; on runway 8. as I refocused on taxiway Celsius; I realized I was rapidly approaching runway 30/12 and HADN't received clearance to cross. I brought the aircraft to a stop; but not before I had crossed the hold short line. within seconds after I had stopped; ABQ tower told us to contact ground. when we switched to ground control; we RPTED clear of runway 3. ground control cleared us to cross runway 12 and told us to hold short of runway 8. in my opinion; the contributing factors were: a mind set of a quick taxi to our gate in an attempt to get back on schedule; the fact that this was the first time I had flown with this First Officer and I was not familiar with how he managed radio communication and how tentative he might be with regard to asking for a frequency change or clearance to continue taxiing; and finally the fact that the tower controller was trying to manage 2 different runways and the operations of at least 5 different aircraft simultaneously (2 F16'S on low approach; 2 holding short awaiting departure on runway 8; and 1 aircraft clearing runway 3 (our aircraft). solutions: first and foremost; a re-emphasis on stopping when clearing an active runway; second; keeping the pace of events slower during the first couple of FLTS with an unfamiliar crew member; and finally; with this location; the installation of wigwag lights may help remind pilots of the presence of a runway along this taxi route.,Familiarity;Taskload
494040,HAD conflict with 4 Fahrenheit'16'S. was advised by controller; flight of 4 military aircraft Visual Flight Rules and non radio with controller. they had just canceled Instrument Flight Rules and were heading towards a training area. they were in a loose formation with approximately 1 mile separation between each. we received a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory on leader and I climbed 300 feet following Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II command. although nothing was illegal about their actions; it should be brought to their attention this is a heavily traveled route by ACRS.,Other
496525,ON takeoff passing 1000 above ground level aircraft pitched up to approximately 25 degree nose up. AIRSPEED started to bleed off. disconnected Auto-Pilot. received stabilizer 1 and 2 warning (stabilizer trim 1 and 2) Multi Functional Display Unit message. controled trim with trim wheel. returned to Mountain Daylight Time airport and landed OVERWT. 91600 pounds. DIDN't declare emergency; however equipment was rolled. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated when the aircraft was on the ground; maintenance replaced numerous components but I DIDN't think anything mechanical failed. the RPTR stated the aircraft Auto-Pilot was in altitude capture mode with flaps extended. the company had the flight test crew fly the aircraft all day and could not duplicate the report. the RPTR said the First Officer and myself with a flight instructor flew the simulator for three hours and could duplicate the event only one time.,Resource Deficiency
496620,OVER prost; I commanded the Pilot Not Flying to select flaps 45 degree (AIRSPD was at 165 Knots Indicated Airspeed). the flaps extended from 30 degree; the previous flap setting; to 36 degree on the left and 37 degree on the right and stopped. a 'flaps fail' caution was displayed on our Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System. after following the procedures in our Quick Reference Handbook; the flaps were re-selected to 30 degree but there was no change in flap indicator. landing was made uneventfully. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the direct cause of the flap split has not been RPTED by maintenance but it was believed to be the flap position indicator. the RPTR said the flaps were set at 20 degree and the airplane was maintenance ferried to a company maintenance facility.,Resource Deficiency
496630,WE departed LGA runway 31 with heading errors on both compass system of approximately 30-35 degree. it was the same error on both system as verified by the standby compass. working with Air Traffic Control; we attempted to navigate directly to a Navigational Aid. unable to do so with precision. flight diverted to BWI for an uneventful landing. things that contributed to this: 1) short taxi from gate to end of runway. less time to catch an error. 2) same exact error on 2 independent system. 3) heading bug set to assigned turn on Standard Instrument Departure which happened to be the runway heading; therefore on takeoff; bug was in position it normally is in for a 'takeoff to runway heading.',Resource Deficiency
496659,INFORMED by my purser (#1 flight attendant) that flight attendant #5 had burnt his forearm/wrist in the forward galley; reaching for an entree; over #2. I interviewed the #5 flight attendant and then relieved him of his flight attendant duties and had him situation down for the rest of the flight. flight was non eventful.,Physical Factors
496660,RELIEVED previous controller. air carrier flight progress strip had no altitude entry; and standard altitude should have been 5000 feet. Visual Flight Rules aircraft was level at 5500 feet. conflict alert went off. checked with previous controller about air carrier altitude assignment. controller said 9000 feet. I stopped the air carrier at 5000 feet. due to new scopes and Automated Radar Terminal Systems overlap; was unable to discern altitude of air carrier.,Familiarity;Proficiency
496670,PHX runway 8 shortened by 5000 feet. our carrier does not have performance data for the shortened runway. Automatic Terminal Information Service advised us to inform them if unable to use runway 8. we advised on initial contact. other than sequencing problems for approach; there were no conflicts as we were cleared for a visual to runway 7R. as we taxied in; we were asked to call the Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility supervisor and given a phone number to copy. I have always felt that the taxi was an inappropriate time to tell a crew to call the Federal Aviation Administration! my First Officer had difficulty putting it behind him as we taxied to the gate. this is not any time for DISTRS. the Federal Aviation Administration can certainly wait until the aircraft is in the chocks to play policeman.,Resource Deficiency
496750,WE both understood that we were cleared for visual approach runway 33L at BWI. First Officer read back 'cleared visual approach runway 33L.' after our left turn direct to the outer marker for runway 33L at BWI; controller asked where we were going. we said 'cleared visual runway 33L direct to outer marker.' controller said we were to expect visual approach runway 33L; but not cleared for it. we got a turn about 45 degree to the right for about 4 mile then cleared for visual approach runway 33L at BWI. we DIDN't think we did anything wrong at all. but the controller did.,Other
496770,FLYING a very old and very basic LEARJET 23 with very basic navigate equipment. we were cleared to cross PHIGG intersection at 11000 feet and 250 Knots Indicated Airspeed. we were using the Distance Measuring Equipment to identify PHIGG (3 Distance Measuring Equipment off BLD). the Distance Measuring Equipment was the old type where you must tune it to the frequency -- it does not tune off of #1 or #2 navigate. we had it tuned to las and missed our altitude by approximately 5000 feet. Air Traffic Control brought this to our attention and I told them what happened. the distances were close enough that it WASN't obvious we had the wrong frequency. obviously a result of not paying close attention. the Global Positioning System was so basic we WEREN't using it as a backup for distance.,Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
496772,RPTED for flight. mechanic on board stated that #1 'a' system jet pipe overheat detection loop was not operating normally and he would defer it. normal PREFLT duties; taxi and takeoff occurred without incident. during climb; felt vibration. all gauges; readouts and synoptic pages; as well as aircraft control; were normal. contacted maintenance and troubleshot the vibration; but could find nothing unusual. flight attendant RPTED passenger were neither concerned nor aware of the vibration. flight continued and vibration remained unchanged until leveling off at 7000 feet on approach to CVG. at that time there was a bump felt and the vibration stopped completely. again all gauges; readouts; synoptic pages and aircraft control were normal. landed and taxied to the gate without incident. POSTFLT inspection revealed #1 exhaust fairing missing.,Resource Deficiency
496776,DEPARTED runway 23R at RDU. upon positive rate and gear up CALLOUT; First Officer (Pilot Not Flying) selected the gear handle up. gear remained down and locked. a master warning activated with a red 'gear disagreement' message. landing gear handle was cycled with same outcome. the Quick Reference Handbook was completed and maintenance contacted. decision was made to return to RDU. we circled to burn off fuel to our landing weight and proceeded to RDU. upon being vectored to runway 23L; we received a clearance to 2000 feet Mean Sea Level. Air Traffic Control said no conflict had occurred and there must have been a MISCOM. flight landed without incident.,Resource Deficiency
496777,INBOUND propeller (aircraft Y) to CLE at 9000 feet was first inbound. jet (aircraft x) was given 10000 feet; 10 mile in-trail. transmission was blocked and the jet was mistakenly given 9000 feet. traffic was then issued on the propeller and frequency change to approach control was given.,Resource Deficiency
496890,UNABLE to control cabin altitude during CLBOUT and LEVELOFF at FL250. tried all modes of electronic pressurization system with no help. elected to reinstate the placarded left pack to avoid oxygen mask deployment in passenger cabin. could not descend below 10000 feet due to high terrain. reinstating the left pack regained control of the cabin.,Resource Deficiency
496893,GND crew opened cargo door early. I really don't want to send this; but in the interest of safety I must. while taxiing in last night; about 50 feet away from parking; several caution lights in the cockpit went off. what had happened was that one of the ground crew had opened the forward cargo door way too early. due to the momentum of the aircraft and the overall traffic situation; I continued to taxi until we stopped at the gate. while not trying to get anyone in trouble; we simply cannot have this. while the caution lights in the cockpit are a major distraction to us at a critical time; I feel that this is much more dangerous to the guy(S) on the ground. a 250;000 pound airplane taxiing at 2-3 Knots creates a lot of momentum. opening a large cargo door while the plane is still moving is simply not safe for anyone on the ground.,Other
496900,WHILE being vectored for the Instrument Landing System runway 36L into CVG; Air Traffic Control asked if we had the runway in sight. we responded 'yes' and were then cleared for the visual runway 36L. later; Air Traffic Control asked what our speed was and we responded 145 Knots. they said we were told to maintain 180 Knots till final. however; my First Officer and myself do not recall that part of the clearance.,Other
496920,WHILE en route from HPN-mia at FL390; my First Officer was flying the aircraft. we were cleared direct to ISO; which was on our flight plan. after ISO; we were supposed to join an airway. my First Officer selected the navigate mode on the Auto-Pilot to go direct ISO. when we got to the VOR and TACAN (Co-Located); the Global Navigation System (our navigate source) did not AUTOSEQUENCE to the next fix on the airway. my First Officer did not notice the failure and we were flying merely a heading for 6 or 7 minutes. Air Traffic Control queried the situation and said we were way off course. they then cleared us direct to OMN VOR and TACAN (Co-Located). no incidents had occurred.,Resource Deficiency
496930,I was cleared for a visual approach to runway 15 ASE. however; wind favored runway 33. the aircraft landing before me was asked to remain E of CTRLINE runway 15/33. I was told to follow that aircraft. I entered a circle approach to runway 33 (I was single pilot). I was concerned about an aircraft that was overflying airport (C172). my performance/judgement was more concerned looking outside and not in checking which runway was the active. in fact; the tower asked me 2 times (twice) my intentions. I stated I was landing runway 15; when in fact the runway I was circling to was runway 33. had I looked at the approach plate; or even the airport diagram; I would have known I was going the wrong way. it was not until I started a circle OPS Base Operations Office that I discovered my error. I just entered left downwind and landed. this was an event that caused me problems; but it shows a lack of judgement and overconfidence when landing at the same airport many times.,Familiarity;Preoccupation;Proficiency
496940,HOW problem arose: I fly piper NAVAJOS. one aircraft was RPTED by another pilot to have an erratic attitude indicator. since this pilot also said the aircraft'S heater WASN't operating well; the conclusion was that the attitude indicator problem was cold related. we decided to extensively preheat the cabin; see if the attitude indicator functioned; and take the plane to FAI. on inspecting the cabin after this other pilot'S problems; I noted the heater temperature control was turned down. I checked weather for the flight to FAI; which showed Visual Flight Rules for departure from barrow; Instrument Flight Rules conditions over the brooks range en route; and Visual Flight Rules in FAI. Pilot Reports were not available; but the briefer said to expect to be between layers en route. I filed an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan along V444 from barrow (BRW) to bettles (BTT) to fairbanks (FAI). meanwhile; a ground heating unit was applied to the aircraft. after start; I noted the attitude indicator functioning perfectly and the heater putting out lots of heat. I activated my Instrument Flight Rules flight plan and departed BRW at XA30. about 20 minutes into the flight; I contacted FAI operations via radio telephone relay and informed my manager that the plane was functioning perfectly (attitude indicator and heater). I was told to return to barrow. I canceled my Instrument Flight Rules flight plan and did a 180 degree turn. 10 minutes later; operations called and told me to continue to FAI. since I'D been told that zan ISN't very tolerant of Instrument Flight Rules 'pop-up' clearance requests in the arctic coast area; and since I could see Visual Meteorological Conditions above the clouds Federal Aviation Regulation in front of me towards FAI (from 11500 feet Mean Sea Level); I elected to remain Visual Flight Rules and follow my Global Positioning System direct to FAI and pick up an Instrument Flight Rules descent. as I approached the brooks range; the cloud tops got higher. I climbed to 13500 feet Mean Sea Level planning to contact Flight Service Station and refile along V444; which was now to my right. ARAKTRUK pass RPTED 3/4 mile visibility and bettles was Visual Flight Rules; so I headed direct toward bettles and started trying to contact Flight Service Station. at about this time; my crew hatch; located directly to my left; blew open. since I was single pilot; I set the Auto-Pilot and started working to close the door. I felt it critical to secure this door -- with outside air temperature approximately 25 degree below zero; I was worried about losing the attitude indicator with night approaching. after several minutes of struggling; I got the door closed. it was then that I noticed the aircraft'S altitude had changed and showed a descent through 4500 feet. I immediately applied climb power and XCHKED my position which showed me S of the highest peaks; and leveled off at 7500 feet; which is safe in that area. I started feeling strange. subsequently; I discovered that I was at 17500 feet and had apparently misread my altimeter. when I thought I was descending through 4500 feet I was actually at 14500 feet. I am convinced HYPOXIA and the cold; coupled with my relative inexperience operating single pilot made dealing with the crew hatch problem even worse. fortunately; I was able to immediately descend; get the Auto-Pilot set up and get back on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan. the rest of the flight was uneventful. contributing factors: while discussing the crew hatch problem with maintenance; I was told the problem was longitude-standing. I have had the door pop after takeoff before and was always able to close it quickly with copilot'S help. I have never had one open in cruise before. the confusion with operations regarding returning to barrow was a factor; causing me to cancel Instrument Flight Rules flight plan which would have kept me at 11000 feet the whole way. my disinclination to contact zan to re-establish an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan was based on rumor. I will call and file as the situation dictates from now on. lastly; after a rash of cold weather related problems in barrow; I was anxious to fulfill the company'S expectations. phone discussions with the company'S general manager and president that day made it clear the plane had to get to FAI. although the flight marked the beginning of an 11 day vacation; I honestly don't think 'personal get THEREITIS' was a factor; as evidenced by my desire to take a functional plane 180 degree back to barrow. I think 'professional get THEREITIS' was a factor. corrective actions: the door; heater and attitude indicator are being thoroughly checked by maintenance. I have instructed other pilots not to try this flight Visual Flight Rules unless there are no adverse conditions en route. I have a much humbler attitude about what I can tackle single pilot than I did 24 hours ago. upon returning from vacation; I have an Instrument Flight Rules proficiency check scheduled and have asked my check airman for additional training. also; I've learned to put a bit less faith I the 'altitude hold' feature of Auto-Pilot.,Attitude;Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
496950,GIVEN clearance to cross DALAS intersection at 14000 feet. Vertical Navigation was programmed appropriately and at 20 Distance Measuring Equipment before programmed top of descent; I started down. at top of descent point; aircraft pitched down as if to descend normally. I went about other duties and noticed at FL300 we were 18 mile from DALAS intersection. we crossed at approximately FL200. during the whole exercise; the Vertical Navigation indicated all was normal. closer attention to the descent profile would have alerted me to the inability of Vertical Navigation to stay on profile. the presence of a jump seat rider may have contributed to my inattentiveness. again; closer attention to duties would have prevented this.,Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
496958,AFTER landing on runway 23 and exiting right onto taxiway E; we were instructed to taxi right onto taxiway Mach Number and hold short of taxiway B. we took the right turn on taxiway Mach Number; but continued past taxiway B failing to hold short. ground control advised us that we were to hold short of taxiway B for a dash 8 that had just landed on runway 23 and was about to turn off onto taxiway B. taxiway B was clear when we crossed it as the dash 8 was still rolling out on runway 23 prior to initiating his turnoff to taxiway B. we were nowhere close to a near miss. we were at the end of an 11 hour duty day. First Officer read back ground clearance instructions but Captain did not hear them. First Officer then got busy with after landing checklist and duties.,Duty Cycle;Preoccupation
513342,LOST radios INFLT. trying to fix the problem; got disoriented. when low on fuel; no radios; landed on runway 34 at westchester airport where a mechanic fixed my problem (some loose connections). I gassed up and left; following procedures.,Other;Resource Deficiency
513355,ON descent into SBN; left engine power would not respond to throttle movement. engine was shut down. throttle linkage rod end bearing at fuel control was corroded.,Resource Deficiency
513359,AS I am a recent pilot (I received my private pilot certificate on FEB/XA/01); I make it a point to train regularly on my aircraft (a lake amphibian renegade 250). on jun/XA/01; I gave myself some WATERWORK; steep turns; rough and glassy water LNDGS; as well as air work; slow turns; steep turns; stalls. after this work; I proceeded to SHECHRADER airport for refueling. this is a class E UNCTLED airport. I proceeded to enter the pattern downwind and CLRLY announced my intentions. 2 aircraft were in proximity. one had just taken off and another was back-taxiing runway 14. I proceeded to go through my checklist on downwind. when I arrived abeam the numbers; I interrupted my checklist to determine if I should extend my downwind for the back-taxiing act. I then continued my checklist inadvertently skipping over the landing gear section. I landed with the gear up. minimal damage was sustained by the aircraft and the runway was cleared 1 hour later after the airplane'S landing gear was extended using jacks. I should have visually checked the gear twice as I was instructed this would have alleviated the incident.,Proficiency
513363,OUR flight was from buenos AIRES to ZZZ; us; and our contract maintenance was having a problem getting the forward cargo door open. it was on deferral and needed to be manually opened but could be electrically closed. the contract maintenance folks were not familiar with the door and seemed to be having trouble; so I called our maintenance folks to insure proper procedures were being followed; and after a 30 minute delay we got the cargo loaded and were on our way. my confidence in the contract maintenance was not very high at this point. approximately 1 hour out of buenos AIRES; NBOUND on UA301; #1 hydraulic fluid level went to zero. we got out the manuals and followed the procedures and called our maintenance control ZZZ along with our dispatcher. after reviewing all the required pubs and discussing all the options available; a joint plan was formulated. in light of the quality of the contract maintenance in EZE and the fact that our remaining hydraulic system and their back-up system were all functioning normally; it was decided to press on to our destination. we had several divert airfields along our route of flight and were prepared to divert if the need presented itself. we kept an eye on the fuel burn and the weather for each divert field all the way to destination where an uneventful landing was made. after thinking about it for a few days; I think the more prudent course of action would have been to return to EZE and taken our chances with contract maintenance plus all the wasted fuel; broken passenger connections and delays a return would have caused. sometimes the pace of operations plus economic considerations can steer your thinking from the most safety conscious choice to another which is balanced between safety and operational necessity.,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
513365,LOCATION: JFK runway 13R. immediately after takeoff; I noticed a medium size sea gull in our flight path. I increased our climb slightly to pass over the bird. the gull passed just below the cockpit and I heard a thud -- sheet metal type sound -- directly below the fuselage. no damage was noted and we continued the flight. POSTFLT and maintenance inspection found no sign of the bird strike or damage.,Physical Environment
513370,POSSIBLE error in not signing logbook with change of flight number. 'SEQ' had same aircraft on 2 legs. I may have erred in not signing logbook after no items entered when the flight number changed.,Proficiency
513378,ON departure; we lost all ground based navigate capabilities. it is possible that we lost this equipment prior to departure. both crew members assumed the other crew member had checked the navigate page of the Flight Management System during PREFLT. the problem was caused by complacency towards company flows.,Attitude;Resource Deficiency
513380,PREVIOUS flight arrived from ZZZ with an Minimum Equipment List signed off. this Minimum Equipment List referred to 1 brake being inoperative and disconnected. after reading the Minimum Equipment List procedures; the pilot procedures were specified in the procedures column. all pilot-required steps were taken and all close-out penalties were applied. maintenance was to inspect the landing gear generators. this was noted on the previous log page as being performed in ZZZ. neither the log page nor did the Minimum Equipment List page state a maintenance SIGNOFF was required before each flight. maintenance failed to sign off the logbook stating they had checked the landing gear TAC generators. maintenance control was contacted in ZZZ1 and I was advised that maintenance control dropped the ball and did not notify ZZZ2 that they were to perform the inspection. aircraft was inspected and signed off. Minimum Equipment List should have stated in the pilot column that a signed off log sheet be required before each flight. it did not.,Resource Deficiency
513383,HOLDING short of runway 8R in vancouver; back course; prior to departure; our flight attendant called advising there was smoke coming from our right wheel well. while the First Officer was speaking to the flight attendant; the tower called advising of smoke coming from the #2 engine. I called for the engine fire/shutdown on ground checklist. the flight attendant called back saying there were now flames. at the same time the tower called and advised there was fire on our #2 side and the trucks were on the way. I declared an emergency. we ran the engine fire/shutdown on ground checklist and told the passenger to evacuate/evacuation out the main cabin door through which they entered. they evacuated on the #1 side of the aircraft. the First Officer and I finished the checklist and followed the passenger and flight attendant out. the vancouver fire department did a fabulous job helping us. it turned out that the brake on the #2 side caught fire and the flight attendant and tower believed it was the engine.,Resource Deficiency
513387,LACK of proper Air Traffic Control handoff between one approach controller on one frequency to another on another frequency caused Air Traffic Control to think a lost radio communication had occurred. leaving TMB after doing 2 practice Nondirectional Radio Beacon approaches; the miami controller on 125.5 never advised to change to 128.6. if he did advise; I did not acknowledge the frequency change; and no subsequent call from Air Traffic Control was made. when the vector last assigned took us through the localizer course of OPF; runway 9L; our destination; I called Air Traffic Control to notify. he advised to change to 128.6. the controller on 128.6 was very irate; saying 'everyone in this room has ben looking for you. I advised I just got the handoff.' training was a factor; as I could have missed the initial handoff. however; I made no acknowledgement; so a subsequent call should have been made. the 128.6 controller could have asked the 125.5 controller to call me. Visual Meteorological Conditions prevailed so traffic avoidance was not an issue.,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
513389,WE had an unsafe nose gear indication during our approach into CLT. we performed our emergency procedures as outlined in our company manuals. we declared an emergency with Air Traffic Control as we could not positively determine that the nose gear was safety locked. we declared an emergency with Air Traffic Control and landed safely at CLT on runway 18R. it was determined that the problem was in the indicating system.,Resource Deficiency
513390,I was participating in a hot air balloon event at durant; ok; on jun/sat/01. upon landing after completion of a competitive task at approximately XA30 hours; I observed a cow running in a pasture where another balloon had landed a short distance from me. an individual who was not part of the balloon crew was chasing the cow. (I believe he was a neighbor of the property owner.) the cow ultimately attempted to jump a barbed wire fence and was caught by 1 feet. the cow; very quickly; got loose from the fence and ran to the back of the pasture out of my sight. my balloon chase crew was authority/authorized by the property owner (who was out of town) to enter the property and retrieve my passenger; my balloon and myself. the other balloon crew was also given permission to enter the property for the purpose of retrieving their balloon; pilot and passenger. upon arrival at my landing site; the property owner was informed of the incident and proceeded into the pasture to investigate any injury/damage done to the livestock. when he returned to our location; he advised that the cow had 'a small scratch on 1 shoulder and 1 foot' and was a bit shaken but was otherwise not seriously injured.,Physical Environment
513395,ATC facility: SOCAL approach. location: Instrument Landing System OPS Base Operations Office turn at SNA approach. First Officer flying and vectoring for Instrument Landing System approach at SNA. level at 3000 feet in hazy stratus; visibility approximately 2 mile; saw traffic on the nose indicating 200 feet low on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II and getting close. (air carrier airplane; using 6 mile scale.) while attempting to get immediate turn to avoid conflict; Resolution Advisory indicated climb. First Officer disconnected Auto-Pilot and initiated a climb. Resolution Advisory cleared us of conflict at approximately 3500 feet and we returned to 3000 feet. never saw the interloper. advised SOCAL twice and he seemed to be completely uninterested. continued uneventful approach to landing at SNA.,Physical Environment
513396,LOCATION: radar downwind SNA runway 19R. on radar downwind at 5000 feet and 190 Knots; I saw 2 Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II targets approximately 5 mile on my nose -- 1 co-altitude; and the other 400-500 feet below my altitude. they were moving straight at my aircraft. I announced to the SOCAL controller a traffic conflict existed on my nose; co-altitude. he gave me a right turn to 170 degree. as I started the turn; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II announced 'traffic; traffic' on the co-altitude target. as I started the turn; I XCHKED the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II and knew that this was going to be close. I tightened up the turn by going to approximately 45 degree of bank. the aircraft announced 'bank angle; bank angle' -- possibly blocking a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory. as best as I can determine; I was within approximately 1 1/2 mile of the co-altitude target during the turn. oddly; the controller DIDN't believe the separation was much of a problem. a telephonic debrief with the SOCAL supervisor on duty was made after landing.,Other
513397,WE were 6 miles behind an a-300 on the Instrument Landing System to 27R calm wind. I asked the First Officer to fly up to a Department Of Transportation high to avoid wake turbulence. at 3 miles from touchdown the tower informed us that controller was going to clear a 747 to takeoff before we landed. at 2 miles the controller told us to continue the approach and be ready for a go around. I mentioned that he had already cleared us to land. he responded by saying continue. he cleared us to land at 150 feet and the 747 had not yet left the ground. I considered a go around; but rejected the idea because of the collision potential with the 747 taking off. the 747 broke ground 5 secs; as counted by another flight watching from midfield on the parallel taxiway. there was considerable jet blast turbulence in the flare. I called the tower supervisor and asked why the need to cut it so close. his response centered around 'that'S the way we have to do business and the controller had the legal separation.' I disagree; controling in a way that prevents the landing aircraft from going around is not the way we should be doing business; not to mention what would have happened if the 747 had aborted. mia was not busy at the time thus I can find no good reason for this to have happened. please FWD to the mia tower for training purposes. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: during callback the RPTR'S concern centered around the fact that the tower controller was in the mode of compressing traffic as much as possible when the relatively low activity level at the airport did not seem to require it. the attitude of the supervisor that he talked to after the fact appeared to be that it was legal and separation was not compromised since the departing aircraft was in the air before the RPTR'S touch down. the RPTR conferred with the observing crew after the fact and they said that it was such an interesting scenario that they took it upon themselves to note the time between the B747'S lift off and the RPTR'S touch down. they RPTED 5 secs as the elapsed time. the RPTR also said that the flying pilot was required to use up to full control deflection during the flare because of turbulence created by the B747 engine blast in the touch down zone. the estimated separation between the aircraft was 5000 to 6000 feet since the approach was made slightly above the glide slope and the touch down was longer than normal and the departing aircraft appeared to be lifting off in the last 2000 feet of the runway. the RPTR said that as he has reanalyzed the situation he would probably have elected to go around.,Attitude;Other
513398,CTLR restrict us to 180 Knots to 5 Nautical Mile final. this puts the aircraft 50 Knots above approach speed just before starting down at BIRDD on a steeper than normal glide path. we started slowing early in order to achieve approach speed before descent on final. controller asked us about our speed vice the clearance. we should have informed him earlier about our slowdown. however; believe the clearance was not in the best interest of a safe approach in accordance with company guidelines.,Other
513400,ON taxi in; notified ground of B737 entry while awaiting ramp direction. as we approached; ramp cleared us into the taxiway. attempted numerous calls to ground to get clearance for taxiway but frequency was jammed as ground was trying to get an MD80 to move up to clear the way for a B757 to clear from runway. if the Captain stopped on taxiway he would have blocked all traffic. so; instead of waiting; he decided to continue on to clear the taxi flow. I was unaware; since I'Mach Number a new hire; that you needed both ramp and ground control clearance.,Communication Environment;Proficiency
513410,AFTER pushing from gate; ground contacted us with taxi instructions to runway 9L; via taxiway B; taxiway A6; taxiway J to runway 9L. we entered taxiway B at taxiway A4. when we made the left turn onto taxiway B; we saw an aircraft approaching from the opposite direction. we stopped and asked ground for clarification. apparently the controller had wanted us to use taxiway E to join taxiway B. we were issued new taxi instructions and proceeded to runway 9L without incident. because ground frequency in ord is so busy it is often difficult to read back taxi instructions. in retrospect; we should have read back the clearance to insure compliance. this would have eliminated any misunderstanding. perhaps use of coded taxi RTES could also eliminate confusion. the First Officer is aware of this report I am filing. again; I believe one of the major issues here is how to effectively communicate when Air Traffic Control is so congested. although it takes radio time; I will be reading back all taxi clearance in full.,Communication Environment
513415,ON jun/XA/01; flight departed ZZZ for ATL. on the CLBOUT we got a passenger door handle out caution light. I called for the Quick Reference Handbook checklist. the Quick Reference Handbook checklist did not correct the problem. we notified Air Traffic Control; air carrier; the flight attendant; the passenger; and returned to ZZZ.,Resource Deficiency
513419,RADAR vectors to VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range 21 at GTF. prior to this; received latest Automatic Terminal Information Service prior to descent: high ceilings; rain showers in vicinity. briefed VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range 21 (no Instrument Landing System this runway; winds too strong for Instrument Landing System on runway 3). expected to actually fly visual approach based on Automatic Terminal Information Service ceiling and visibility. approaching airport (approximately 30 mile out) saw rain (green; yellow; few dots of red on weather radar).  edge of rain just se of airport. while on vectors; approach controller said rain approaching airport from E (we were also coming in from the E) and visibility dropping. cleared for approach approximately 7000 feet Mean Sea Level; intercepting inbound radial approximately 3-7 Nautical Mile from Final Approach Fix (trigg) -- we were already slowed and most of flaps already out. fully configured and checklist complete by Final Approach Fix. departed 4800 feet (Final Approach Fix altitude) .2 Nautical Mile prior to trigg (.2 Nautical Mile lead is our Standard Operating Procedure) and rapidly descended to Minimum Descent Altitude (4000 feet Mean Sea Level). prior to/just after Final Approach Fix in moderate rain all the way to runway; though only light rain at touchdown. lightning off our left side near Final Approach Fix; able to see ground prior to Final Approach Fix; though DIDN't see Visual Approach Slope Indicator for runway off our left till at Minimum Descent Altitude (if not for brightness of Visual Approach Slope Indicator; would not have seen runway till much closer). turbulence in descent; Minimum Descent Altitude through touchdown. firm landing with AUTOBRAKES set at medium. why I'Mach Number writing this: either tower or approach control (probably tower) informed us after we reached Minimum Descent Altitude that they showed us crossing trigg at 4100 feet (Final Approach Fix at trigg is 4800 feet). I don't think we started down too early; though I know we were aggressive to get right down to Minimum Descent Altitude. my mistakes: not truly preparing myself mentally for us to really fly the approach. this was the first VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range approach in real life (as either Pilot Flying or Pilot Not Flying) in this aircraft (2 years).  though we practice it in the simulator every 6 months (under ideal conditions); I HADN't seen one since my last sim. next 6 month check ride is this week!,Physical Environment;Proficiency
513428,THE simulated emergency landing was made with the aircraft PWRPLANT shut down and the propeller stopped. the motivation for this emergency practice was to demonstrate to the student pilot that the aircraft can glide to earth safely with the engine failed. the simulation required an airport with no traffic. on this day at saint charles county airport; severe thunderstorms had moved through the area; causing most of the flying activity to cease. at 1600 feet; the weather at the airport changed to good Visual Meteorological Conditions. the training session was focused upon traffic pattern operations with multiple takeoffs and LNDGS. the area around the airport was clear of traffic and there were no aircraft operating on the surface. the simulated landing was executed as planned and the outcome was as planned. that is; the student is more confident that the aircraft can be safely maneuvered to a safe landing when the engine is not operational. during the approach to land; a 180 degree turn from downwind to final was required. during this turn; the area behind could not be viewed; which could introduce a problem with this operation. if another aircraft arrived to land on the opposite end of planned runway there would be no opportunity to go around with the engine off. in this case; no other aircraft presented a danger; but it is possible that an aircraft could arrive out of view and unannounced. the benefit of this type of operation would be eliminated if an accident occurred. the student was briefed on the justification of the operation; at a select location and altitude with no other aircraft in sight. there is the possibility that the student pilot would attempt this operation independently to emulate the actions of the flight instructor. it is important to stress the purpose of the exercise to address this concern. in conclusion; although there is a benefit to this operation; the potential for an accident during or perpetuated by; is reason enough to only simulate the emergency landing with the engine at idle power setting. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that he has reevaluated the benefits versus the risk in conducting engine and propeller stopped simulated forced LNDGS mainly due to the unexpected traffic at an UNCTLED airport environment that could not be avoided if needed. RPTR is aware that the instructor is ultimately responsible for the successful and safe outcome of pilot training.,Other
513429,APPROX 300 feet after takeoff; we got a tail compartment high temperature light and a master warning light. the Captain continued the CLBOUT while I performed the red box. after approximately 1 minute; the light extinguished. we told Air Traffic Control we needed an immediate return and were cleared a right downwind and to 3000 feet. while executing the checklist we climbed to 3400 feet then corrected down. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II showed no traffic. we returned for an OVERWT landing. although we did not declare an emergency; the tower controller was referring to us as one on the radio so we thought that was sufficient. we landed and taxied to the gate uneventfully. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the First Officer RPTR stated that after the POSTFLT inspection that maintenance had found a loose connection; '...somewhere back in the tail....' he had heard the part name but could not recall the exact definition of it at this time. it was part of the high pressure air bleed system that supplies hot air for the tail anti-icing system. he further stated that the airline operations department had put out an operational bulletin to the Flight Crew'S about the noted increase in tail compartment high temperature indications that have resulted in a return land after a departure from a primary airport.,Resource Deficiency
513431,60-70 Nautical Mile se of NEPTA it was apparent that Air Traffic Control had failed to hand us off to the next controller as we were unable to contact ZMA on 124.7. we then made contact with ZJX on 124.77 and re-established Air Traffic Control communication.,Resource Deficiency
513440,WAS flying a C402/I inbound on the Instrument Landing System outside of the Final Approach Fix. radar service had been terminated approximately 5 minutes before and I was monitoring and advising on UNICOM (UNCTLED field). at 7.5 Distance Measuring Equipment a citation RPTED he was outbound on the reciprocal course for a procedure turn in a descent to my altitude of 1700 feet Mean Sea Level. I advised my position again and he continued. I then landed and as I taxied clear he RPTED on Common Traffic Advisory Frequency that he was missed approach. it seems clear to me that he violated either his clearance limit or center cleared 2 airplanes in the same non radar airspace. it was only after the citation went missed that I RPTED through the Flight Service Station that I was on the ground.,Proficiency
513442,BE20 was issued a climb to 5000 feet on departure and was issued traffic SW of his position at 6000 feet. when the aircraft was climbing through 5700 feet I observed he had climbed above his assigned altitude. supplemental information from ACN 513443: BE1900 was on the GRANM four arrival at 6000 feet. I issued traffic 12 O'clock position; 6 mile; 4400 feet for 5000 feet. I noticed BE20 climbed above 5000 feet yelled to departure what was the king air doing. I issued traffic again to try to get visual separation. I turned BE1900 to a 090 degree heading to avoid traffic. the conflict alert did not alarm. the departing BE20 busted his assigned altitude of 5000 feet.,Proficiency
357071,AFTER completing normal PWRBACK and facing W; ground control cleared us to reverse course and taxi E to takeoff on runway 9. I cleared the zone to my right for a right turn reversal. at a n heading in the turn; an aircraft on taxiway NB was taxiing with all landing; taxi lights on; partially blinding me. when that aircraft turned off his lights; I immediately saw grass underneath us and called out 'we're in the grass!' we stopped and notified ground control and the company. at no time did I note any lights delineating ramp from grass in our course reversal. suggest lighting the demarcation of grass and ramp to avoid this type incident in the future. no injuries or damage occurred.,Illusion
83676,ON departure from DCA; Air Traffic Control cleared flight to intercept MOL (montebello) 065 degree right direct. we were unable to track 065 degree right from the east due to interference from IPT (williamsport) on same frequency. Air Traffic Control RPTS they are aware of situation. navigate on J48 and J42 east of MOL is impossible until within 35 Nautical Mile of VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range,Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency
84226,THE commercial chart revision dated 3/7/88 effective 3/10/8; the new east coast plan there was issued similar arrival charts to DCA and IAD. our filed routing was ord WHETT J30 bucko AML 1 DCA. this refers to the armel 1 arrival to DCA. DULLES also has an armel 1 arrival with the same filing code. these charts are indexed differently but could be mistaken. there are different crossing restrictions and ROUTINGS. beware!! I recommend that the Federal Aviation Administration be notified and one arrival name be changed. also; until a new chart is issued; a notice be posted of the problem so no confusion results,Other
84769,DEPARTED gate at PHL and cleared by ground control to runway 27L. after crossing runway 27R (which was closed); the copilot contacted local control and was told we would follow an Mountain Daylight Time which was already close to the runway. I parked my aircraft off to the right to allow passage to the runway and waited. runway 27L was being used for takeoff and landing and 1 or 2 aircraft landed before the MLG took off. then 1 or 2 more LNDGS on 27L (runway 17 was being used for smaller aircraft). then local cleared a WDB into position on runway 27L. it had been waiting on the taxiway parallel to and E of the approach end of runway 27L after the WDB departed there was another landing; and I instructed the copilot to inquire what our departure sequence now was. local control replied; 'taxi into position 27L and hold.' the copilot acknowledged 'position and hold; 27L.' I moved into position and set the parking brake. after an unusually longitude time; approximately 1 minute; the local controller called using only our identify. I responded. local said; 'I cleared you into position on runway 17; you are in position on runway 27L.' I said; 'negative! you cleared me into position on 27L and that is what was read back to you.' he responded; 'hold your position.' another aircraft then said; 'I'Mach Number going around.' subsequently; an aircraft passed several hundred feet overhead; WBOUND. I then called local control; 'tower; this is ; I was cleared to 27L by ground control. I was in position to take the runway when we inquired of our sequence. you cleared me into position; 27L.' his reply was; ' cleared for takeoff.' we departed. due to the geographical layout of the airport; after taxiing to runway 27L it would have been impossible to taxi into position on runway 17 as the approach end of 17 is over 1 Statute Mile to the NW of 27L. the wind was 220 degree/9 Knots and temperature 65 degree Fahrenheit on the XA03Z PHL weather sequence. the maximum takeoff gross weight for runway 17 was 84000 pounds. we had a takeoff gross weight of over 90000 pounds; so I would have refused a taxi clearance for 17. in over 18 YRS of flying this aircraft; out of and into PHL; I have never used runway 17 for takeoff. supplemental information from ACN 84691: at the time of this conflict; PHL airport was down to a 2 runway operation; runways 17L and 27L. NOTAMS said runway 27R was closed; but ground control informed another aircraft that it could be used for departures,Other;Resource Deficiency
85260,I had filed a flight plan with bangor Flight Service Station but was unable to activate it in the air. my attempts to contact them over the concord VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range went unanswered upon reaching gardner VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range I began tracking V229 S toward the windsor locks ARSA. the CHKPOINT I had determined to use to call windsor locks (bradley) approach control to request a transition through the ARSA was WITNY intersection. I had IDENTED it as 21 mile E of bradley. upon reaching WITNY; I noted my time as XB07 local Eastern Daylight Time. although I was conducting the flight Visual Flight Rules and using a current Visual Flight Rules sectional; which expires 6/88; I was also trying to practice navigate along victor ARWYS with my current commercial en route chart; effective 3/88. I became temporarily disoriented when I checked the sectional for WITNY intersection and was unable to find it. this was due to the fact that V419 is a new ARWY and not depicted on the current Visual Flight Rules sectional. it is also not listed in the Airport/Facility Directory nor is it included in any NOTAMS (FDC or class ii inclusive). upon relocating myself I determined my position to be approximately 1-2 mile NE of swift airport (private). I did a 360 degree turn to the E while listening to the bradley Automatic Terminal Information Service. after circling 2 or 3 times; I tuned bradley VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range into my #1 navigate and centered the needle. noting that I was on the 120 degree right; I called bradley approach on 125.8 as published in the Airport/Facility Directory; told them I was 20 mile se of the airport. they asked me to repeat my position (which I did). they then asked that I recontact them on 125.65. I tuned to this frequency and suddenly realized I had forgotten the letter IDENTIFIER for the Automatic Terminal Information Service. worried of their response to this; I circled again while listening to the Automatic Terminal Information Service. I noticed again the airport below me. I still assumed this to be swift airport. other visual references I used to confirm my position were the city of hartford; just visible on the horizon to the SW; and the city of springfield; ma; to the NW. I then turned to a heading of 300 degree; centered the OBS and called bradley on 125.65. again; I gave my position as 20 mile se. they told me to squawk 0427 and identify. after SPEAKINGWITH other aircraft he told me he did not have me in radar contact; but did not tell me to remain outside the ARSA. I recycled my transponder and held my heading; awaiting further instructions. as he spoke with other aircraft further; I saw the connecticut river (located 4 mile E of the airport) about 5 mile ahead. I gave approach this position report. it was at this time they began to sound concerned of my position in the ARSA. he told me that he still did not have me in radar contact. I recycled my transponder again. a couple of minutes later I RPTED I was approaching the river and had jet traffic in site on final approach to my left. they informed me at this time that I had busted the ARSA and was in violation. I told them I was about to cross over the top of the airport and asked for further instructions. they asked for a position report about 2 minutes later and I told them I was 1 1/2 mile W of the end of runways 6 and 15. they gave me a vector 50 degree to the left to confirm radar contact which was then made. when I was 25 mile SW of the ARSA; they told me that radar contact was terminated; squawk 1200 and to call the approach supervisor at windsor locks when I reached my destination airport. I did call when I arrived and told him that I did not intentionally violate the ARSA; that I believe I had been misplaced when I made my initial call; and judging from the length of time it took me to reach bradley from my initial call; and after looking more closely at the Visual Flight Rules sectional when I landed; I was probably over ellington airport and not swift as I had originally thought. this would have meant I was 6 mile closer to the ARSA than I thought; but still not within the 10 mile inner circle; and therefore not in violation of the regulations. if I had been using flight following (as suggested by the tower supervisor) they would have turned me over to bradley approach at the appropriate time. the tower supervisor was upset that I had believed an initial call from 20 mile outside the airport to be sufficient and told me that a call further out would have been proper procedure. I should have tuned the Automatic Terminal Information Service before arriving at WITNY intersection. though I cannot be sure; I believe the circling might have contributed to my disorientation. also; I should have written down the letter identify for the Automatic Terminal Information Service or just called approach and stated that I had the current Automatic Terminal Information Service upon my second transmission. more updated and thorough NOTAMS/better correlation between Visual Flight Rules and Instrument Flight Rules charts would have helped to better identify my position. finally; I believe the request to remain outside the ARSA should have been made when no radar contact could be established. if approach had done so; I would have remained outside the ARSA until contact could have been made or arranged to go around the ARSA if necessary. in the future I will request specific instructions if radar contact is not established on my initial call. I was surprised that further attempts were not made to identify me on radar until after I had XED over the airport,Physical Factors;Proficiency;Unexpected
85786,OUTBND at 7000' on the SMO 068 degree right the Captain advised Air Traffic Control that the airport was in sight and the approach controller cleared us for the stadium visual approach to runway 24R. W of the coliseum we were asked to start a OPS Base Operations Office turn if feasible. approach told us we were #1 for the runway. we were then handed off to the local controller. when the Captain checked in; the controller did not respond; and when prompted a second time he replied in a very fast and almost unclear voice. after some discussion between myself and the Captain about what was said the tower controller told us to square our OPS Base Operations Office to final for 3 departures. the controller did not wait for a response or acknowledgement from us; and then gave us a reduction in AIRSPD to 180 Knots; at which time the Captain advised the crew that an aircraft was on final for runway 25. after looking to the right and facing into the sun the Fahrenheit/O advised that he had lost sight of the n complex; and the Captain instructed him to start his turn to final. he had the hollywood park in sight. at this time the controller issued a traffic advisory to us when air carrier Y was in our 7 O'clock position. as a result of the confusion and the poor visibility due to the sunset the extended CENTERLINE of runway 24R was exceeded to the S. I feel the contributing factor to the incident was a breakdown in communication between the approach controller who advised us we were #1 and turned us on an early OPS Base Operations Office for the runway and the local controller who immediately told us to square our turn and slow the aircraft. this resulted in a little confusion in the cockpit with configuring the aircraft for the approach. had the approach controller not amended the clearance. the local controller in my judgement would have had enough time for the 3 departures he wanted off the runway. also a factor was the time of day and the fact the visibility was greatly reduced and restrict as the aircraft was turned WBOUND on final. the fact that the Fahrenheit/O was unfamiliar with the approach was also a factor,Communication Environment;Familiarity;Other;Physical Environment
86354,RECEIVED the following clearance from ONT clearance delivery: 'LTT # cleared to cos via the pom 1 departure daggett transition as filed; climb and maintain 12000; expect FL390 10 minutes after departure; contact departure control on 125.5; squawk XX77.' we departed runway 26L at ONT and were handed off to departure control. RPTED on that frequency with the following phrase: 'LTT 3700; climbing 1-2-thousand.' the controller acknowledged us. at this point the controller knew we should be climbing to 7000'; not 12000'; but we were not questioned. the frequency was not busy. I feel now he intentionally let us go on just to see how Federal Aviation Regulation we would go. upon passing approximately 7500'; the controller told us we should be maintaining 7000'. then he asked if we were cleared the pom 1 Standard Instrument Departure. I acknowledged yes. then he came back and said maintain 8000'. no evasive action was required; there were no other aircraft in the area. I verified this with a phone call to ONT Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility after landing in cos. it seems to me that the crossing restriction at karyn intersection on this Standard Instrument Departure can easily be mistaken as 'to cross at or above 7000';' the reason being the last altitude clearance was to climb and maintain 12000'. the pom VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range has a cross at or above restriction; so you tend to think above and lastly the minimum en route altitude from pom VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range to karyn intersection is 10000'. why have a crossing restriction altitude below the Minimum Enroute Altitude? I believe this incident occurred as a direct result of contradictory altitudes in the pom 1 Standard Instrument Departure; and also the issued clearance from Air Traffic Control. a simple remedy to this is have CLRNCS issued as climb and maintain 7000'. change the Minimum Enroute Altitude from pom VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range to karyn intersection (a 2 mile distance) to 7000' or use the HASSA 4 departure solely. this was the Standard Instrument Departure we used when we filed our flight plan. since this time; I have met several pilots who have done the very same thing. I believe this is a recurring problem at ONT and an immediate change is needed before a major mishap occurs. thank you. supplemental information from ACN 86914: the pom 1 departure has a conflict of information in that the Minimum Enroute Altitude NW of pom indicates 10000'; however; the crossing restriction at karyn intersection has a limitation of 7000' or below. these restrictions are mutually conflicting; so that the pilot maintaining 7000' (or below) will be in violation of the Minimum Enroute Altitude and the pilot maintaining the Minimum Enroute Altitude of 10000' will be in violation of the crossing restriction. suggest deletion or change of Minimum Enroute Altitude information to appropriate mutually complimentary altitudes,Attitude;Resource Deficiency
89630,ACFT is equipped with a PTU which provides hydraulic assist to retract landing gear in the event of a #2 engine failure. (#2 hydraulic system provides majority of hydraulic capacity and operates landing gear.) thus; the PTU is strictly a back up system and on all earlier models was activated if AUTOFEATHER (a/FX) was selected and #2 automatic feathered. PTU can also be activated manually by pressing a guarded SWITCHLIGHT. during original checklist (first flight of the day and also first revenue flight for this new aircraft) PTU did not activate during the a/FX test. we did check that manual selection operated properly. I had just finished my initial Fahrenheit/O ground school on the aircraft where we were told about an impending modification that would activate the PTU with a loss of #2 oil pressure rather than through a/FX signals from #2. this model would not provide for the PTU to activate during the a/FX test. as it turned out; this latest addition to the fleet had been modified yet we had not been told this; had no paperwork available to the flight crews to verify it; nor had the Minimum Equipment List been changed to accommodate operation of this aircraft W/O PTU operation during a/FX test. (the a/FX test would still be required because it tests other functions not associated with the PTU.) after explaining this impending modification to the Captain we decided the aircraft had indeed been modified and elected to take the aircraft into revenue service since we had verified manual operation. let me state here that our engine failure after V1 memory items include 'gear up select manual PTU.' after 3 legs and a crew swap the aircraft was grounded by a write up on the PTU during a/FX test as inoperative. maintenance indeed verified that the aircraft had been modified yet the Minimum Equipment List gave no relief to no PTU activation during the a/FX test. conclusion: the XXXX has had over 700 modifications since its introduction. the company needs to keep closer track of these modifications and impending modifications and to forward this information to the flight crews. we also should not have taken the aircraft into service because we WEREN't positively sure the aircraft had been modified and the Minimum Equipment List does not yet provide relief for the PTU portion of the a/FX test. supplemental information from ACN 89532: I learned the next day that this new aircraft had been modified by the MFR so that the PTU does not activate during the AUTOFX test. even the company did not know this and did not advise the flight crews of this because they themselves did not know. I also learned that the Minimum Equipment List does not provide relief for no PTU during the AUTOFX test,Resource Deficiency
90152,GUSTY wind conditions during taxi caused tail to be uplifted and in the subsequent corrective action the propeller struck the dirt surface of the landing strip,Physical Environment
90603,DEPARTED hana airport on regularly scheduled flight. heavy rain n and NW. prior to entering Instrument Meteorological Conditions attempted to contact ZHN through 2000'; but still too low. then again Visual Flight Rules at 3500' made another attempt. center told me contact maui approach 119.5 with squelch off no audio; squelch up; one extremely busy approach controller. his hands were full with sequencing of ARRS to kahului airport which was; at the time; Instrument Flight Rules and everyone was Instrument Meteorological Conditions and on the approach (Instrument Landing System for 2; VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range for 3 or 2). my original request with center was for an Instrument Flight Rules clearance V11 ogg V24 LNY 5000. I was asked to call approach; as I say; and for approximately 4 minutes there was not 1 break in communications between approach (119.5) and aircraft in his sector. then; when I got through to him; he was extremely helpful; handled my request and we picked up our Instrument Flight Rules squawk and entered Instrument Meteorological Conditions. by the time we were established on the ARWY; as we leveled at 5000'; we broke out Visual Meteorological Conditions; we had our next Visual Flight Rules landmark in sight. so; to reduce controller workload; we RPTED Visual Flight Rules/Visual Meteorological Conditions; cancelled Instrument Flight Rules; and stayed on squawk for advisories. I wish that in Instrument Meteorological Conditions with Instrument Flight Rules in effect that the 2 approach and departure frequencies to be used more effectively or additional frequencies be added under Instrument Flight Rules conditions. and; I'Mach Number not exactly sure why center (I know I was in his airspace) had me wait and wait; then told me to contact approach; other than he saw our 1200 squawk and was waiting till we crossed his border to approach. if that was the case; I wish he could have (no matter how close to border of his sector we were) at least given us a squawk and cleared us to an intersection or fix in our direction of flight to at least proceed and have the use of the Instrument Flight Rules system; which for me; 95% of the time; is terrific. I myself have always believed in self-improvement and I think Air Traffic Control feels the same way,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
91052,I received Automatic Terminal Information Service prior to taxiing. requested runway 27 on ground control. taxied to runway 27 and performed RUNUP; requested clearance to takeoff on runway 27; was cleared for takeoff on runway 36L; told the controller I was ready on runway 27; then received clearance for takeoff on runway 27. shortly after takeoff an SMA Y appeared in front of me for runway 36R. at this time the SMA Y was directly off my nose. to avoid a collision with the SMA Y; a sharp left turn was made. during this time the pilot of the SMA Y called; 'who was that.' the controller replied that it was an SMA x. no other radio contact was made by myself or the controller,Communication Environment;Unexpected
91520,THE published departure shows that the initial turn to initial heading be completed within 4 Distance Measuring Equipment. being new to this type aircraft; our company procedures call for 15 degree bank for passenger comfort unless there is a restriction or procedure to comply with. takeoff instructions were 'turn right to 090; cleared for takeoff runway 31L. (maintain 3000' per Standard Instrument Departure).' after takeoff I initiated right turn to 90 degree heading; coming through 070 degree departure control issued instructions to turn further right to 120 degree heading. departure control then stated that we needed to stay within 4 Distance Measuring Equipment in the future to stay out of O'hares airspace. when the turn was completed I was within 4.9 Nautical Mile of the Distance Measuring Equipment/Instrument Landing System off the airport (.9 Distance Measuring Equipment overshoot). I'Mach Number sure that given time (I've only departed this runway once before) that I will know the departure restrictions by heart. I think that a good procedure in the future would be to note the restriction when aircraft is given clearance or takeoff instructions. sometimes it'S hard to be outside (looking for potential traffic); flying the aircraft and reading 'plates' all at the same time. there are some airports in our system that include such restriction when they give clearance or takeoff instructions. it would be good to see this standard throughout the industry at each facility,Familiarity
92589,WHILE descending; Fahrenheit/O flying; I looked up and saw an aircraft straight ahead of us at our altitude. called to Fahrenheit/O and at same time pushed over our aircraft to avoid traffic. the aircraft passed over us with approximately a 300' sep. no injuries to passenger or crew. the other aircraft was a high wing retractable gear; single engine SMA; heading roughly E at about 7500'. approximately distance at first sighting was approximately 1/2 mile. we did not receive a traffic all from Air Traffic Control. we were flying from PSP to ONT. flight time roughly 15 minutes. with the amount of traffic in the left.a. basin plus the need for exact navigate requirements in that area and flying duties; I believe the see and be seen concept is not workable in this area,Resource Deficiency
93043,THE Automatic Terminal Information Service stated that the field was using Instrument Landing System'S to runway 28L. upon contacting approach we were told to expect an Instrument Landing System to runway 32. during the approach we monitored the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at the field and the 32 Instrument Landing System. there is no Nondirectional Radio Beacon associated with the runway. during the approach we were descended to 4000' on a heading of 070 degree. approach control told us that the field was 10 O'clock and ?? miles. all I could see was a bunch of lights that I assumed were the terminals. occasionally; I caught the rotating beacon. I have been to the field several times in the last few months; but was not familiar enough with other landmarks to even consider going visual. neither of us had any idea of the exact location of the approach end of runway 32. it became apparent; though never stated; that approach control was maneuvering us for a tight turn on final for a visual. I slowed to 150 Knots Indicated Airspeed and went all the way to 28 degree flaps (planned final flaps was 40 degree). we were given a turn to 360 degree; descended to 3000'; and the runway was point out to us again. we told approach that we were not familiar enough to pick the runway out from our current position. I saw what I assumed to be the part of the approach lighting system; and noted that we were at least one Department Of Transportation above the g/S. as the localizer started centering; the runway came into view. we were right at the marker and too high to make a safe approach; especially knowing that the terrain on final approach to this particular runway can cause wind gust problems. we told approach that we could not get down and that we needed a 360 degree turn to complete a landing. approach; instead; said that they would vector us for another approach. we were vectored in a left box for an Instrument Landing System to runway 32. you would assume that the second time that the vectors would improve. wrong! we were 90 degree to the localizer just outside the marker; and despite using 25 degree of bank (I won't use 30 degree that close to the ground); we overshot the localizer by so much that we initiated a 30 degree re-intercept. I called them after landing. using all the tact I could muster; I discussed the fact that these vectors were totally unsatisfactory. the supervisor was very defensive. his basic points were that: all that approach needs to issue a visual is that the pilot acknowledge that they have the airport in sight; that if we needed special handling we should have let them know; and that they had complied with all the altitude marks on their scope. I told him: to accept a visual approach the pilot must have sufficient visual clues to allow him to safely execute an approach; that we DIDN't need special handling--we needed professional handling that is standard at almost every Air Traffic Control facility in the U.S.; and altitude marks are meaningless to me--I must see the runway to land. I don't care about the letter of the law. I won't risk my license on a bad approach. vectors to the marker; above the g/S; at night in a hilly terrain with a 40 degree intercept; is unacceptable. visual approaches have become the problem child of the industry. if the Federal Aviation Administration wants to fine a pilot for every time he blinks; then the pilot has no choice but to refuse to accept marginal vectors and visual approaches. the Federal Aviation Administration claims that this will bog down the system. capacity problems are due to the ineptitude of the Federal Aviation Administration'S bureaucracy. I'Mach Number willing to work with Air Traffic Control and accept a visual approach. however; Air Traffic Control must give vectors that will provide the pilot with the visual clues he needs and place him in a position to land,Familiarity
94394,IN commercial chart approach manuals; the canton-akron regional airport used to be listed under 'akron; oh.' it was easy to find the appropriate plates. now; they are listed under 'north canton; oh' which is very difficult to find; especially if one needs to get to them in a hurry. Air Traffic Control said they had experienced much confusion over this recently. this was a change that detracted from safety; and made something that was previously clear difficult. recommend listing 'akron; oh;' 'canton; oh;' or a 'refer to listing.' callback conversation with RPTR revealed following information. RPTR received revisions about 3 days after filing report which returned CAK to its original designation in the manual,Other
94807,MAINTAINING 3000 Mean Sea Level and heading of 070 degree Indicated Air Speed 180 Knot. approach advised of traffic ahead WBOUND; unknown altitude (had previously been estimated at 2500'). approach cleared us to maintain 2000 turn right to 90 degree and called traffic at 12 O'clock and less than 1 mile. as we were in the turn and descent; we saw the aircraft; (a high wing SMA) directly ahead. we increased bank and descent rate to make sure we missed him. aircraft passed above and to our left. we had all external lights on when this occurred. it was RPTED by land line to LGA approach and the ny Flight Standards District Office. callback conversation with RPTR revealed following information. a tag was put on the SMA but it dropped off before identify could be made. no information from Flight Standards District Office. sure the aircraft was in the Terminal Control Area W/O clearance. altitude was estimated from a report made of the traffic by another air carrier. no transponder was apparently in use,Unexpected
95396,HOU Air Route Traffic Control Center vectored us; corp x; overhead LRD; our destination at 5000' Mean Sea Level. we RPTED the airport in sight 2 times and requested a visual approach. hou continued to vector us around reference to many Visual Flight Rules targets. we were turned right downwind and cleared for a visual approach from 4000' Mean Sea Level to runway 35 (right or left?). having spotted traffic to runway 35L; I directed the Pilot Flying to approach runway 35R. only after my insistence did hou hand us off to LRD tower. this occurred approximately 1 1/2 mile on final. in the meantime; LRD tower had spun out the runway 35L traffic; not knowing for sure what runway we intended to land on. the late handoff caused an unnecessary burden on the tower operator'S ability to provide an orderly arrival sequence. this report was prompted by my being questioned via telephone by the tower operator 2 hours later. the thrust of his inquiry was as to when hou center gave us the handoff to tower. he indicated to me that this was not an uncommon occurrence. it is our company policy to not cancel an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan when the destination has an operating control tower; therefore following the controller'S instructions were Standard Operating Procedure for us. however; the arrival to LRD was too high; too uncoordinated (Air Route Traffic Control Center controller/tower) and a much too late handoff to be consistent with the safe; orderly sequencing of arriving aircraft,Resource Deficiency
95885,JUMPSEAT rider spotted converging traffic 10-11 O'clock; same altitude (SMT) at a 90 degree angle to our southerly heading. Captain and Fahrenheit/O reacted simultaneously by disengaging Auto-Pilot and climbing above traffic; which was banked to the right 45-60 degree and turning from W to n. traffic passed below and left of our left wing. subsequent radio contact with approach control verified traffic no code/Visual Flight Rules code altitude readout 10300' (not previously RPTED). our evasive pull up; straight ahead; entailed 1000' from descent to abrupt 1000' Feet Per Minute climb with some passenger on the left side of the plane witnessing the encounter. resumed descent to 1000' as assigned and continued to destination. landed W/O incident. note: incident occurred secs after a Fahrenheit/a closed the cockpit door following the request of change of a $20 bill. both pilots were momentarily distracted,Preoccupation
96380,IT was night; the weather was clear and visibility unlimited. we were inbound to SFO on the SFO 095 degree radial; descending through about 7000'. the copilot was flying. the controller said; 'airline 123 heavy; turn left 20 degree; cleared for a visual approach to 28 left.' we turned 20 degree left and intercepted the CENTERLINE of 28 left about 14 mile from the runway. about 12 mile out; the controller said; 'airline 123 heavy; do you see traffic at one O'clock 6 mile?' I said; 'I see an aircraft about there.' about 10 mile out the controller said; 'airline 123 heavy; maintain visual sep from the traffic at one O'clock.' (at this time; I saw 2 aircraft at one O'clock. I first saw aircraft a; which I thought was the aircraft the controller was pointing out. then I saw aircraft B; which appeared closer to me and closer to the airport; therefore; I thought aircraft B must be the aircraft that the controller was pointing out. then as things progressed; aircraft a appeared closer. at that point; I had serious doubts about which aircraft was actually closer and/or which aircraft the controller was pointing out.) I responded; 'unable to maintain visual sep.' after a pause; the controller (another voice; somewhat harried) said; 'airline 123; do you see traffic at one O'clock?' I said; 'I see 2 aircraft at one O'clock.' the controller said; 'airline 123; maintain visual sep from both those aircraft.' I said; 'unable.' at this time; we were approaching BRIJJ. I asked; 'airline 123 heavy; do you want us on tower?' no answer. I repeated the question. no answer. I switched to the tower and said; 'airline 123 heavy; BRIJJ for the left.' no answer. I repeated the call. the tower responded; 'airline 123 heavy; maintain runway heading and climb to 5000'. as we stopped our descent and started to climb; I noticed we passed what I presume was a commuter airliner. he was off our right; maybe 400 or 500' away (it'S hard to say at night); about our heading; and passing through our altitude in a very steep descent. he was in view for about 2 or 3 secs. we were vectored to a left downwind for a tip toe visual approach to 28L. discussion. the simultaneous visual approach procedure to SFO 28L and 28R has 2 specific problems that make the procedure hazardous during daylight operation and dangerous during night operations. the procedure; by design; is not just a visual approach but; in addition to executing a visual approach; the pilot is also required to achieve and maintain visual sep from at least 1 other aircraft; sometimes more. during day or night; the procedure leads the controller and the pilot down a box canyon with the airport at the end. if pilot does not see the traffic or is unable to maintain visual sep from the traffic; as in this case; then the controller is on a violation hook; an the pilot; crew and passenger are in danger. during night operations; the requirement for the pilot to achieve and maintain visual sep makes the procedure more than hazardous; even dangerous. because a procedure which; by design; requires a pilot to maintain visual sep at night fails to take into account depth perception at night is poor to nil. making visual contact with another aircraft at night is sometimes easier than in daylight; however; since depth perception is poor to nil; maintaining visual sep is a near impossibility. the task of maintaining visual sep with poor to nil depth perception is further compounded by the pilot being on a moving platform that is descending; pitching; rolling; yawing and changing speeds. plus; from that inconstant platform; the pilot is required to maintain visual sep with a light in a black sky that may or may not be climbing or descending; and may or may not be turning; and may or may not be changing speeds. for a procedure; by design; to require such a task of a pilot is absolutely absurd; and it is absolutely absurd even before considering this task is required of the pilot during the phase of flight with the highest cockpit workload. a 3RD problem; in this particular case; which deserves mentioning; is the controller; perhaps the supervisor; attempted to coerce me into accepting a clearance which in my judgement was unacceptable and unsafe. conclusion. the simultaneous visual approach procedure to SFO 28L/right is hazardous at any time because of the close proximity of the runways; and it is dangerous at night. there is something seriously wrong with an Air Traffic Control system which will allow such a procedure to exist. suggestion. have the bay Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility and SFO tower people work with the association; Air Traffic Control committee for the purpose of developing a safe visual approach procedure for SFO 28L/right,Communication Environment;Other;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
96784,ACR x made a 90 degree left turn for course correction W/O warning; causing a CONFLICTION with air carrier Y at FL350 who was previously called as traffic for x. air carrier Y was descended to FL330 and air carrier x was turned left and told to climb; but his ceiling was FL350. these actions were taken just prior to Celsius/a; which went off with 5.3 mile. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following: RPTR is developmental; but was checked out on this sector. after incident was DECERTIFIED and 2 weeks later RECERTIFIED. air carrier x was ahead of Y on J134 and 2000' below Y. when x continued on J134 controller thought x was cleared that ARWY. when x then requested climb to FL350 controller approved because x and Y were diverging. extreme turn by x to recapture J6 was big surprise to controller. corrective action time was not enough to save standard sep. discussed fact that aircraft often have trouble navigating the 3 ARWYS in that area (J149; J134 and J6) due to poor Navigational Aid quality. controllers have submitted UCR'S. aircraft sometimes need vectors to navigate these ARWYS. supplemental information from ACN 96795: I told center that we had the traffic in sight. after that another controller came on and asked why we had turned to the S. we explained the problem with the scalloping HVQ VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and that we were just trying to get back on the CENTERLINE of J6. I am filing this report because I feel from the questioning by center that there is a possibility that vertical/horizontal sep was compromised. not having the big (radar) picture my best guess is that we had an aircraft behind us at 5 mile and by turning from approximately 270 degree to 190 degree to recapture J6 the horizontal sep was reduced to below 5 mile and the other aircraft was descended to avoid conflict. my conclusions from this incident are as follows: use the aviation trust fund money to upgrade VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range'S like HVQ (and many others) so they are good and strong and do not scallop. when navigating on such aforementioned VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range'S ask center for vector headings instead. that would put sep on their shoulders and avoid problems like the one described above. if you find it necessary to make large heading changes to get on course; call center first; even if you feel that you are within your allotted airspace,Taskload;Unexpected
97508,WHILE taxiing on a ramp taxi line parallel to a ground equipment service drive the right wing tip was struck by a catering VEH which had strayed out of its designated lane. the truck entered the taxi area after the cockpit had passed the truck and was out of view by the crew. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following: RPTR said there was considerable damage to the outer 1 1/2' of the wing tip. vent tank had to be replaced plus navigate lights. does not think any major structural damage. ground VEH driver turned out of the designated drive area to avoid other ground equipment in the area. area at the tip of the terminals is not very wide and with the construction in progress and the congestion of ground equipment there is not enough room. VEH driver could not see the wing tip as the aircraft passed and the truck was already out of view of the flight crew. VEH driver should have stopped until he could see the aircraft wing tip,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
98136,TRNING was in progress. there were approximately 8 aircraft on frequency (128.75). air carrier x was en route to bos from mad-ORW-PVD-V151-IND-bos at FL210 over mad. air carrier Y was en route from BDL-ORW-PVD-V151-IND-bos at 13000'. the 2 aircraft were on converging routes towards ORW. air carrier x was issued a clearance to cross PVD at 11000' and 250 Knots. at this time I intended to correct the TRNEE to change the clearance to 14000' and use positive control; however my attention was diverted to another control situation in our sector. this situation required 2 or 3 INTERPHONE calls with 2 other sectors (sardi/erick-sector 32/33 and hampton; sector 31). by the time we got back to air carrier x and Y; air carrier x was within 5 mile of Y. air carrier x still showed 14700' and the TRNEE told air carrier x to maintain 14000' (air carrier Y is still at 13000'). air carrier x said he was out of 13500' and would climb back to 14000'. by the time he could stop descent and climb; he leveled at 13100'. the NTAP showed 3.5 mile latitude and 100' vertical. air carrier Y was then descended to 11000' and turned right while x climbed to 14000',Preoccupation
98575,UPON level off at 33000'; #6 leading edge INTRANSIT light illuminated and quickly extinguished. just after it went out; #2 engine EPR and N1 became erratic and loud popping noises were heard (somewhat like a compressor stall). I turned to the Fahrenheit/E panel to make sure essential power was protected and started to download as a precaution. when I turned back the captain (who was flying) had throttled back and started descending. he told the Fahrenheit/O to tell Air Traffic Control we were descending. the Fahrenheit/O got through and Air Traffic Control gave us a lower altitude. the engine returned to normal. no emergency was declared and neither pilot set in 7700 prior to descent. I feel there would have been more coordination if the captain and Fahrenheit/O DIDN't hate flying with each other. they also each feel the other is a poor pilot and do not trust one another to do the proper job. each pilot took every opportunity to let me know what he thought of the other. callback conversation with reporter revealed the following: when asked; RPTR said that Captain did not even attempt to maintain FL330 but rather began descent immediately. she said that the animosity between the Captain and Fahrenheit/O had nothing to do with a work stoppage. she felt there was a total lack of communication between the Captain and Fahrenheit/O. she said they continued to destination with the engine at idle. she said some brown residue was found in a drain line but is not sure if this had any relationship with the compressor stall,Attitude;Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency
99157,ENRTE to DCA from savannah we were issued the crossing restriction of FL270; 80 S of RIC VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range on J52. as I recall it was not a clearance that required a rapid descent. during the descent I was busy with normal copilot functions; EG; CHKLISTS; Automatic Terminal Information Service; frequency changes and monitoring for tracking; my other concern was the basic AIRMANSHIP of the Captain as he was a bit rusty. as it turns out; I was too; as we missed our restriction by nearly 4000'. after being questioned by the next controller; I responded that 'yes; we had a restriction and would descend rapidly.' no further comments were made. the real problem concerns a Captain whose entire thought process was not dedicated to a particular flight thus requiring any copilot to do 2 jobs-his and the Captain'S. safety is not compromised as the basic skills are evident. accuracy and attention to detail did suffer. this report is being discussed with my aviation director and other crew members emphasizing the need for constant vigilance with certain crew members. it is hoped that we can correct this situation,Attitude;Preoccupation;Proficiency
99680,LTT x departed runway 13 climbing on a 110 degree heading unknown Visual Flight Rules traffic cruising NBOUND 2 1/2 E of runway popped up with a 1200 code and encoding transponder indicating 1700' in the ARSA (a violation) not talking to anyone. safety alert was immediately issued to LTT x and pilot took evasive action by turning right to avoid aircraft. both aircraft crossed at same altitude; 1700'. LTT x had the unknown SMA Y in sight,Unexpected
100250,ACR x destination STL on brush 1 Standard Terminal Arrival Route cleared to descend to FL160; expect oddly at 100 and 250 Knots. pilot read back correct. traffic was corp Y SEBND destination BNA; at 150. mode Celsius altitude read out showed air carrier x through 160 (15.7). I asked x to verify assigned altitude. pilot answered oddly at 100; 250 Knots. I informed x that this was incorrect that his altitude was 160. by this time x was through 147 and approximately 4-6 Nautical Mile W of aircraft Y; diverging. pilot of x asked what I wanted him to do. I informed x that the traffic Y at 150 was no longer a factor; and to cross oddly at 100 250 Knots,Proficiency
103156,I departed Instrument Flight Rules from portland/hillsboro. encountered light fog; then Instrument Meteorological Conditions conditions; proceeded on my assigned route (V165 to olympia VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range then to seattle/BOEING field). at the end of climb to 6000' seattle center said I was off course; I thought I was still on course. I got a vector back to course that was about 40 degree. I then looked out at my wings with a flashlight and saw I had accumulated quite a lot of ice that explained why I was off course. I told center of my icing and got a lower altitude. callback conversation with reporter revealed the following: the RPTR had done a VOT check before takeoff and the navigate error was less than 3 degree. not enough to put the aircraft 6 mile off track as reported by Air Route Traffic Control Center. other members of flying club confirmed they had been exposed to the same problems in icing conditions,Physical Environment
103376,WE were being vectored for an Instrument Landing System approach to runway 27 left at ord. everything was normal until our turn to OPS Base Operations Office leg. we were told to turn left to 360 degree; slow to 170 Knots; then descend from 7000 to 5000'. as we approached the localizer we realized that the controller was no longer talking to us. the Captain made a radio call to advise that we were going to fly through the localizer. at this time we were told that we were cross channeling. we then realized that at some point during the speed reduction; flap CONFIGN and gear horn cutout one of us had inadvertently switched our #2 Very High Frequency radio toggle switch from approach control back to the previous frequency. both the landing gear horn cut out button and the flap handle are in fairly close proximity to the radio control panel. had this been a military flight; we would have been told by the controller on guard frequency; 243.0; to turn before we had flown through the final approach course. I recommend that the Federal Aviation Administration require airliners to monitor 121.5 on their secondary radios. this would give controllers a backup way to communicate with aircraft. also; WDB crew members should be aware of the potential for inadvertent switching of the radio frequency when silencing the gear horn or lowering flaps. chicago approach control did an excellent job; as usual; in handling our loss of communication during a critical phase of flight,Proficiency
103685,DURING descent for landing at ONT encountered unreported (to us) moderate to frequently severe turbulence and moderate icing from 13000-8000'. had just switched from ZLA to ONT approach. RPTED conditions to them. they said they had received other RPTS of severe turbulence and severe icing and had advised ZLA. ZLA issued no warnings while we were on their frequency. all passenger; but one who ignored the seat belt sign and passenger announcement and went to lav; were seated and belted. no injuries. one galley carrier Fahrenheit/a'S could not secure in time fell out; but did no damage. ZLA apparently was not taking Pilot Reports relayed by ONT seriously. had we known we could have delayed our approach until having sufficient information to avoid the turbulence or proceeded to our alternate if that was not possible. there was nothing in the appearance of the clouds or in the radar return to suggest severe or even moderate turbulence. we should have been warned. someone could have been hurt. (Auto-Pilot was engaged throughout encounter; would have been worse W/O it.) target AIRSPD during encounter was 250 Knots. actual AIRSPD varied from 230-270 Knots. pitch attitude varied +/-5 degree from normal in spite of Auto-Pilot being engaged. another flight later in the day had a similar experience and; again; was not warned. heard several complaints on radio from air carrier B FLTS about same turbulence. apparently they WEREN't warned either,Attitude;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
105771,FLEW on 3/wed/89. internal AIRSTAIRS were written up as being inoperative. DMI log was entered with correct write up/Minimum Equipment List reference. AIRSTAIRS controls and light had correct placard. my release listed AIRSTAIRS inoperative and Minimum Equipment List number. DMI log also noted; 'numerous parts needed; is on order;' all done to my knowledge/Minimum Equipment List by the book. picked up aircraft again on 3/sat/89. local departure at mia (our major maintenance OPS Base Operations Office; new month different Fahrenheit/O) first day air carrier strike. booked to 70 passenger (capacity 122). scheduled to fly mia-MDW-mia. MDW weather below landing minimums but forecast to be up at estimated time Of arrival. given gear up time of am I received paperwork from agents with partially completed weight and balance (normal; Fahrenheit/O completes). signed release and weight and balance. 3 times normal # agents at gate to help with strike. I asked if we were getting any air carrier passenger. at am they said not yet. told them we could board any time because we only had 13 minute delay. went to cockpit and Fahrenheit/O immediately said we had indefinite delay. told agents not to board. did checklist and while reading previous log book write ups Fahrenheit/O asked what was wrong with AIRSTAIRS. told him DMI log a few days ago listed them as inoperative and today someone annotated it with; 'AIRSTAIRS removed.' do not recollect seeing log entry; 'AIRSTAIRS removed.' believe release said AIRSTAIRS inoperative. Air Traffic Control said expect update at XX30. went out to tell agents. they said we were now starting to get air carrier passenger. at +15 to our surprise we were released. immediately started boarding. boarded and gave agent weight and balance. were short approximately 25 meals. agent said they were on way. waiting for meals we got more passenger. finally got final count and bag correction and said; 'you make your corrections; I'LL make mine.' 35 minutes to board and get meals. my procedure and for this very reason is to not ask Fahrenheit/O to make multitudes of corrections but to wait till the door is closed and runway assignment received. I then review the final weight and balance. I believe this totally follows company policy. on our weight and balance we have space for: passenger correction; bag correction and Minimum Equipment List/CDL penalty. the correction for AIRSTAIRS removed is found in our weight and balance book. it gives a weight and CG correction. if this ISN't subtracted from bow there is no real space to put it and it is my policy to subtract it after all other corrections. this takes CG setting into play. AIRSTAIRS inoperative is Minimum Equipment List item. AIRSTAIRS removed is not CDL item. DMI log stated both. all corrections made. 3/89 ramp check PB by Federal Aviation Administration with another Captain. Federal Aviation Administration asked to see his incoming weight and balance. all corrections made. his release stated AIRSTAIRS removed make weight and balance correct. Federal Aviation Administration said no log book entry saying aircraft safe to fly with AIRSTAIRS removed. took all names of previous CAPTS. I was the first. took 2 hour delay. prevention: have numbers read to us via radio by someone doing all computations. I do not want this. while more work for me and Fahrenheit/O; we work very close to maximum performance at MDW and I want to evaluate all options all along the way. this is the third run in with this individual/FLL office I've had. first: found several screws missing on aircraft exterior--made me write it up. second: said he would violate me if I took aircraft with omega Control Display Unit removed to repair because aircraft had not been reweighed (for a 3# item)!,Resource Deficiency
106177,WE have a potentially unsafe condition existing at all airports; but more especially those located in the snow areas. airport MGRS/operators have a legal and moral responsibility to report by Notice To Airmen any unsafe condition on their airport. Federal Aviation Regulation 139.339 requires the issuance of NOTAMS for certificated airports. chapter 5; para 290; of the Aeronautical Information Manual discusses Notice To Airmen issuance. Federal Aviation Regulation part 91.5 addresses pilot'S responsibilities in obtaining all the information available before beginning a flight. however; we have experienced instances when pilots have landed on runways NOTAMED closed for snow removal; remarking or other necessary maintenance. in some cases the pilot was aware of the Notice To Airmen but landed anyway. this obviously endangers not only the life of the pilot; but also the people on the ground. Federal Aviation Regulation 91.9 addresses careless and reckless operation so as to endanger the life or property of another. notwithstanding the above; when an airport operator RPTS a pilot landing on a closed; properly NOTAMED runway to the Federal Aviation Administration; apparently no action can be taken because there was no personal or property damage caused by the landing. this certainly cannot be the intent of the Notice To Airmen system or the spirit of part 91.9. there are men and equipment working to keep the airport safe; using all the procedures at their disposal to keep the flying public aware of the conditions on their airport; to include closing the runway; and it appears the fed regulations are not in existence to protect to the extent possible; these people from harm. it would seem to me the Federal Aviation Administration could; and should; make landing on a properly closed runway an offense under the provisions of part 91.9. W/O such support; the issuance of a Notice To Airmen closing a runway is worthless and provides no protection for airport maintenance personnel. it would seem since part 91.91 can invoke temporary flight restrictions by Notice To Airmen; why SHOULDN't a Notice To Airmen closing a runway or airport have the same enforcement and impact on aviation. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following: the RPTR is an Federal Aviation Administration ACI. he is having problems getting airport MGRS to keep runway NOTAMS current and part of the problem he claims is the fact that the Federal Aviation Administration will not take any action against a pilot or flight crew unless there is damage or injury. airport MGRS do not see the importance of notifying runway conditions if they can be willfully ignored,Attitude
106569,I was ramp checked while on the ground at redbird. the Federal Aviation Administration did not find proof that the Automatic Direction Finder was installed. the proper 337 form was not in the plane. the airplane was rented. also in question was the ammeter. the gentleman said it looked like it came from 'automatic parts'. I have rented and have logged more than 1500 hours in this aircraft and have never found anything defective; in maintenance or documents prior to this date,Resource Deficiency
108690,ACR Y was told to start descent 'now' for traffic at XX43Z. air carrier x checked on frequency out of FL305 for FL240 asking 'how Federal Aviation Regulation from rid?' at XX46Z. unknown to me; air carrier Y had a crossing restriction to cross 50 mile W of rid at FL240. I told air carrier Y he was 56 mile out. 30 secs later I lost mode Celsius readout on air carrier Y and Celsius/a activated shortly after. at XX47 air carrier Y'S mode Celsius returned displaying FL246 descending to FL240. ADEP activated at XX47:36Z. we calculated a descent rate of 6200' in 48 secs. air carrier Y leveled at FL241 as air carrier x left FL235 descending to FL190. 4.1 mile apart,Unexpected
109187,FOLLOWING uneventful takeoff and departure from IAH; climb through 13000'; a master caution light illuminated along with an 'air conditioning' on multiple alarm panel. I punched off the master caution light and looked at the air conditioning overhead panel. the duct overheat light was illuminated for the right side. I asked the Fahrenheit/O to consult the 'quick reaction book' for that problem while I continued to fly the airplane. Air Traffic Control gave us a clearance to climb and a change in frequency. after establishing contact with new controller I asked how things were going. the Fahrenheit/O said that the light was still on and that the checklist called for engine shut down if light remained illuminated beyond 3 minutes after efforts to extinguish were completed. we were beyond the 3 minutes. I looked at the heading for the checklist and it appeared to be correct and he was pointing to precautionary shutdown statement in checklist. I told him to tell Air Traffic Control that we needed to go back to houston and to get ready to do the precautionary engine shutdown checklist. the right engine was then shut down and secured. after the aircraft was parked as I was entering the write up in the maintenance log I discovered that the Fahrenheit/O had used the checklist for a 'duct leak' instead of 'duct overheat' and that the engine shutdown was not necessary for the overheat. the Fahrenheit/O was reasonably new to this airplane; but he had been a military pilot and a Captain on other aircraft for the company. I thought I double checked by looking across the cockpit at the checklist. supplemental information from ACN 109181: the procedures used were duct bleed; rather than overheat. the light never did extinguish; even while on the ground; pointing to a faulty indicating system. the most probable cause of this incident was overreaction to a minor cause (IE; MISIDENT of the light VS the appropriate checklist),Attitude;Familiarity;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
109615,FRONT engine failed during cruise climb at approximately 6000'. I had filed an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan and I departed merrill field airport in anchorage with an Instrument Flight Rules clearance. shortly after receiving the clearance; the front engine began popping; shaking and losing power. I requested to return to anchorage international as I was experiencing engine problems. the controller asked some questions and wanted to know if it was an emergency. I said; 'ok.' he told me to change frequency; which I did. they asked more questions at a bad time; as I was busy. I was cleared to land and the return; except for the DISTRS; was uneventful. then came the investigation by Federal Aviation Administration investigators; it was just like I was on trial. after producing what papers were in the aircraft; I found out that the log books were at the flight operations shop; an Fixed-Base Operator at merrill field; as they had just done an extensive inspection and work not too longitude before. however; as it turned out; they had not completed the annual. therefore; my aircraft'S annual was out of date by about 1 month. it was then determined that besides the Fixed-Base Operator having the missing paperwork; and doing over $3000 work W/O completing the annual; they had not done the altimeter check; the encoder certification; the static check; nor the replacement of the Emergency Locator Transmitter batteries. the Federal Aviation Administration has stated that I was in a lot of trouble and wanted to know how many FLTS; Visual Flight Rules and Instrument Flight Rules; I had made in the aircraft in the last month. my comment to them was that I would never declare an emergency again. I was unaware of the violations; and I was not intending to fly W/O the required paperwork or and annual; or an altitude check; or to break any laws; as I thought all the checks had been done. I operated the aircraft in a safe manner and returned W/O endangering anyone'S life or even inconveniencing anyone; or having an accident. I have not been given a violation ever in over 20 YRS as Pilot In Command and I believe the attitude of the Federal Aviation Administration will result in unsafe flying due to the fact that most pilots would rather take their chances W/O declaring an emergency rather than risk being cited by the Federal Aviation Administration for not complying with unrelated violations after an unexpected and unwarranted investigation,Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
110013,LANDED on runway 12 at IAD. this runway was NOTAMED 'not authorized for landing' by the company; due to possible Foreign Object Damage ingestion. this Notice To Airmen was overlooked during the PREFLT preparation. NOTAMS need to be emphasized more clearly and separated out from the weather sequences so that they become more apparent,Proficiency
110500,DEPARTING DCA to the NW climbing to 17000' on a heading of 320 degree; first point of flight plan was JERES intersection. aircraft was light (approximately 160000#) and climbing at approximately 5000 Feet Per Minute. approaching 15000' DULLES approach control issued a clearance to intercept the armel 009 degree right to JERES and on course. being very close to armel; I tried to tune the frequency from memory; and picked an incorrect frequency. I then went for my chart to get the correct frequency. while I was doing this the Fahrenheit/O placed the aircraft on Auto-Pilot to seek the frequency also. he noted Auto-Pilot engagement but not the altitude capture function that should also have been indicated due to our rate of climb and altitude. when I returned my attention from my chart we were passing 17200'. Auto-Pilot was disengaged and manual level off accomplished--maximum altitude reached approximately 17500'. the LGT has computer generated and displayed flight plan information and JERES intersection is displayed only as a point not defined by radials. we as pilots become lax in having charts available at the ready due to the reliability of the new equipment and the more often then not cleared direct that we get from Air Traffic Control. in the future I will have my chart more ready and see to it that only 1 pilot is looking for any information if the aircraft is in a climb or descent. Air Traffic Control could be of more help when issuing non flight plan CLRNCS if; when very close to the intercept point; they would give the frequency of the Navigational Aid to be used (for example; 'intercept armel 009 degree to JERES; armel frequency 113.5'). with ever expanding route systems for the air carrier; the pilot'S memory may not be as familiar with frequency as when they served fewer airports,Communication Environment
110895,COMING out of 16000' we experienced a #1 Constant Speed Drive high oil temperature. we followed procedures and disconnected the Constant Speed Drive. we then started the Auxiliary Power Unit and used it to power the #1 buss. being that we were so close to PHX; and the weather in chicago; we elected to go back to PHX to have the system looked at. this was a very conservative measure; but since it was snowing at our destination and we had minimum fuel for trip; so Auxiliary Power Unit running for 3 hours would dent our contingency fuel. therefore; we thought it best to have system looked at; since we were so close to a maintenance facility and the temperature had jumped so fast. in order to go back to PHX we would have to make an overweight landing. we weighed 110000 pounds; aircraft limit 105000#. conditions were favorable: very light winds; longitude runway; longitude final to stabilize and Captain'S recent streak of very smooth LNDGS. I notified company--alerted maintenance for inspection. we did not declare an emergency. we contemplated burning off the excess; but did not feel the 1 hour burn time was warranted under conditions. the landing was picture perfect. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following: RPTR stated that aircraft did not have fuel dump capability; therefore the election to land OVERWT. further stated that a proper log book write up was made in that it was stated that an OVERWT landing had been made and that write-up was signed off as being inspected. as further events unfold; it appears that the company had taken punitive action on this Captain; using marginal judgement and financial loss as a basis. (someone had cancelled the flight and revenue was lost--no one knows who cancelled the flight.) it was RPTED that the Captain involved was also in some form of contestant mode with the company; having made several unscheduled LNDGS prior to this event. pilot group generally thought company was making an example of this pilot by suspending him for 7 days and sending him back for training. the flight re-originated to destination 2 hours later. RPTR also brought up the information that he felt that morale was at an all-time low as contract negotiations were still in progress and that the pilot group felt disenchanted with the management group,Physical Environment;Pressure;Resource Deficiency
113626,SHORTLY before being cleared for the runway 7 Instrument Landing System to burbank; we were on top of the overcast; level at 5000' (assigned); approximately heading 150 degree (assigned); speed 170 Knot (assigned) and being vectored by burbank approach control. the aircraft was on Auto-Pilot; with the Captain flying. descent and approach checklists were complete and I was scanning for traffic. a light aircraft suddenly appeared at our 12 O'clock position; at or slightly below our altitude; opposite direction; less than 1 mile. I yelled out the traffic to the Captain and immediately took the controls and rolled right to avoid a collision (approximately 20 degree bank). the Captain hen took control and climbed slightly. the SMA passed by our left side; within 300-500' laterally and 100' vertically. I told approach control that 'there was an SMA out there and we almost hit him.' approach replied 'roger' and then immediately issued us a turn to intercept the localizer and cleared us for the Instrument Landing System 7 at burbank. the Captain returned to original heading and altitude prior to receiving approach clearance. the SMA traffic had not been called out by Air Traffic Control. after landing; the Captain contacted the Air Traffic Control supervisor by phone and filed a near midair collision report. Air Traffic Control stated that they were not tracking the SMA and had no idea where he went. in checking the los angeles area chart later; it appeared we were outside the burbank ARSA at the time of the incident. supplemental information from ACN 113143: a light aircraft appeared from behind my windshield post. total heading change was about 20 degree and total altitude change of about 100',Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
114065,SMA was inbound Visual Flight Rules to an uncontrolled field 5 mile n of PDX. about 15 mile from the field; SMA reported cloud layers; requested a 'vector'. I offered an Instrument Flight Rules clearance; he agreed to one. I cleared SMA to 'battleground VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; maintain 4000''. unfortunately; SMA was in an area with an Minimum Vector Altitude of 6000. the pilot twice questioned the Minimum Vector Altitude for his area; I told him 6000; but still assigned 4000. in my mind his clearance DIDN't start until BTG VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range where I knew 4000 was an acceptable altitude. I should have let common sense be my guide instead of a misconception about CLRNCS to airborne aircraft. supplemental information from ACN 114642: PDX asked if I wanted an Instrument Flight Rules clearance. I responded in the affirmative and he cleared me to 'BTL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; cleared to 4000'.' I started a descent assuming that I was much closer to the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range than I thought I was or he would have had me climb to the Minimum Enroute Altitude or Minimum Vector Altitude instead of descending me. at about 5000' I broke out of the clouds and saw what I thought was another layer of heavy clouds and about this time PDX said he lost my transponder. I took another look at the clouds I was about to enter and decided they were terra-firma types and did a maximum performance back into the overcast. shortly the controller said he had recovered my transponder. I rogered and when I had everything back under control; I asked what his Minimum Vector Altitude was when he cleared me to 4000. his response '7000 but you WEREN't on a vector',Physical Environment;Proficiency
114431,BASICALLY; I am submitting this report for the purpose of immunity; as I am not convinced that there is a safety problem from which we could all learn. after takeoff; my landing gear would not retract; so I returned to the field and landed. shortly after landing the Federal Aviation Administration maintenance inspector showed up and began looking for things wrong with the operation. by the way; keep in mind that I was flying an airplane which I have been flying for the same company for over 4 YRS without an interruption. unknown to me; the company changed the registered name and there was a temporary registration slip in the in the aircraft. that temporary had expired the previous day! therefore; the maintenance inspector involved knew he had a BONAFIDE criminal here; and proceeded to stress my culpability in the crime of flying an illegal airplane. next; the inspector checked our weight and balance. my next violation came to light. prior to receiving our cargo of AOG aircraft parts; the company dispatcher had asked our on duty mechanic to remove interior seats to avoid soiling or damage. the inspector looked at our form for showing the pilots the B.O.W.; and noticed that it made no provision for the seats being out. when asked; I said that the aircraft was lighter; if any thing; and that I knew that the aircraft was well within center of gravity and weight limits. he was unsatisfied and that another violation could be filed against me. after our company'S poi showed up; he had me work out a W&B longhand (our system used a template) and that computation showed that we were 2500 pounds under gross; and with center of gravity easily. when I left; the maintenance inspector was also making noises about violating the company for not providing accurate information to the pilots (center of gravity with seats out); and was loudly criticizing the mechanic because he raised the airplane and cycled the gear without following the manufacturer'S trouble shooting guide. this guy came on like 'MCGARRET; five-oh'; and seemed to enjoy it. this new attitude that the Federal Aviation Administration has of 'making them pay!' is doing nothing for the safety of the traveling public; endangering the livelihood of professionals; and causing pilots to go underground with problems out of fear. such policies will have the exact opposite effect of that which the public desires; in the longitude run,Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
114809,I was flying an FGT from Marine Corps Air Station el toro to Naval Air Station dallas. I had requested an overhead break at Naval Air Station dallas; while talking to approach on 256.7; I heard the controller'S order for me to descend from 7000' to 3000'. I responded 'XXXX leaving 7000' for 3000'.' shortly thereafter; I was asked to give my altitude. I said; 'XXXX passing 4000' for 3000'.' he said; 'I don't know where you got 3000'; stay at 4000'.' soon I was told to climb back to 7000' again. the problem was caused by a lack of good communication. the approach controller was busy. I repeated something the controller DIDN't believe he said; but it DIDN't register with him,Communication Environment;Taskload
115358,I was on a Visual Flight Rules flight from Celsius-16 (frasca field; urbana; IL) to timmerman field; milwaukee; WI. after landing I was told by timmerman group that the milwaukee approach control supervisor wanted me to call him on the phone. I promptly called him and was told I violated both the chicago Terminal Control Area and milwaukee ARSA. my altimeter showed 3400' across the Terminal Control Area and the maximum altitude for that area is 7000' over 3600'. my only thought is that my transponder readout n the encoder was not accurate. I plan to have the transponder checked to see if it might be in error. I have taken this route of flight several times and have never realized a problem before. on the return trip to Celsius-16 (OPS Base Operations Office airport) I was sure to go Federal Aviation Regulation enough west of chicago at 2500' to avoid the same problem. I do not plan to fly again until I have the transponder checked. callback conversation with reporter revealed the following: reporter states when advised by ground to call Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility supervisor; he reviewed route carefully with front seat passenger who has flown frequently and reads charts well. both determined they had remained well clear of the Terminal Control Area. has received letter from Federal Aviation Administration and is working with AOPA representative to deal with the problem. has had transponder checked and it is ok. analyst asked about altimeter check; which had been done and it too reads correctly. reporter says Air Traffic Control indicates altitude was 3500' when altimeter indicated 3400'. reporter frequently flies this route on business and knows it well. has no desire to penetrate the Terminal Control Area and works at avoiding it,Resource Deficiency
115944,THE wind conditions at speedway airport (35Y) was out of the se 9 MPH active runway 06. I entered a left downwind for 06 at 1500 Mean Sea Level the pat altitude for 35Y. I announced my left downwind to speedway traffic. I reduced my AIRSPEED to 85 MPH and 10% flaps; I announced to speedway traffic my turn to left OPS Base Operations Office. at this time I encountered a wind shear factor. my AIRSPEED indicator dropped the stall light warning sounder. rapid drop on altitude. I lowered the nose and induced full power; I was still losing altitude. I turned to final. I announced to speedway traffic I was on final. I still had full power but my altitude was dropping off. I regained altitude control at 50' above ground level. my AIRSPEED was in excess of 100 MPH. I was over the runway but my AIRSPEED was too fast to land safety. I did a go around and landed with no problems. there was no traffic in the pat at this time and I DIDN't make a Pilot Report to Flight Service Station as I encountered no problem on my second approach,Physical Environment
119267,PRIOR to loading passenger; a gasket in the refueling hose ruptured causing fuel to come in contact with the engine exhaust igniting it. a ground crew member extinguished the fire with a hand held extinguisher. maintenance control observed the fire and notified the airport fire department who dispatched. in the process of containing the fuel spill the flight crew was finally notified by a maintenance person of the events. passenger were by this time boarding the aircraft and had to be deplaned. the fire was contained with no visible damage to the aircraft and the timely notification of the fire department minimized any further damage or danger. it was assumed that the flight crew had knowledge when they did not in fact know that there was a problem. I believe the fire department should have physically notified the flight crew of the problem and opened communication with the Captain when they arrived at the scene,Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
119688,2ND flight (go around field full stop). Fixed-Base Operator just made repairs to landing gear. wind calm; unlimited visibility. a very good approach and at touchdown main gear collapsed (gear may not have been fully locked),Resource Deficiency
120129,DEPARTED day on runway 36 and assigned 10;000' on runway heading. Air Traffic Control requested turn to 270 degree. we were unable due to thunderstorm line left of us extending 20 Nautical Mile n. we had to turn right to 010 degree to evade storms visually. Air Traffic Control kept asking us to turn W as soon as possible for traffic. we responded on several occasions that we were unable. while both pilots' attention was fixed on visually avoiding the storms; our altitude increased to 10;500. our MLG (2) has an altitude ALERTER unlike the ones installed on other x airline aircraft. the MLG (2) gives only a single chime if altitude is deviated by 300' or more. the yellow altitude alert light flashes until the selected altitude is regained; +/-300'. our other aircraft have a Federal Aviation Regulation superior system in that the ALERTER chimes continuously until the selected altitude is regained; +/-300'. with the volume of conversation we had with approach; combined with our eyes fixed outside; it was easy to miss the single chime; and it took too much time to notice the flashing alert lights. I suggest modifying MLG (2 and 3) altitude ALERTERS to mirror those on MLG 1 modes,Physical Environment;Preoccupation
120572,I was descending to an assigned altitude of 12000'. Visual Flight Rules traffic was pointed out by Air Traffic Control at 12500'; +/-100'. I recognized potential conflict and asked for heading change. controller gave me 13000'. I was at 13000'; +/-100' descending when 13000' was assigned. I stopped descent at 12600'; +/-100'. traffic (SMT) passed from right to left (he was not on same frequency),Communication Environment
120921,I was inbound to the grand canyon airport on the 239 radial (V210) per the letter of agreement that all the canyon tour operators have with the grand canyon tower. I made my standard call at the horseshoe inbound; which is 6 Distance Measuring Equipment on the 230 radial. tower instructed me to report a right downwind for runway 21. I looked up to the n and noticed a single SMA inbound from the W (I was SW). since I was flying a twin; I was able to make it to the airport before him. I asked the tower if he had any traffic inbound from the W. the tower replied that he had traffic from the horseshoe. the traffic I saw was not at the horseshoe; he was about 40-5 mile n of position. I proceeded to the downwind; turned on to the downwind and reported my position. the tower acknowledged and instructed me to follow traffic on a right OPS Base Operations Office (not the before mentioned traffic). I reported the traffic in sight and followed him. at that point; the single SMA from the W was at my 8 O'clock on a 90 degree entry to the downwind. (the 239 degree radial is a 45 den entry.) the single SMA at my 8 O'clock asked the tower if passing from the horseshoe inbound was allowed; and the tower replied he did not know of such a restriction. the following day; I found out that the single SMA that was not on the proper entry to downwind; called the las vegas Flight Standards District Office and reported a near midair and blamed me for cutting him off on the downwind. the single SMA is based in las vegas; operated by XX airline. to cure this sort of problem; the grand canyon airport needs to be a radar environment with the number of canyon tour operations in and out of there daily. and the las vegas Flight Standards District Office needs to ensure that XX airline pilots properly trained on the routes,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
121368,WE were air carrier flight XX from SJT to DFW. the approach controller was also talking to air carrier B XY. we were at 4000'. he told us to descend to 3000' and reduce speed to 170 Knots. we started down and then he said that the clearance was for XY which I think was about 4 mile W of us at about 8000'. I don't think there was a conflict. he accused us of taking the XY clearance; but we read the clearance back. I believe the controller got the two call signs air carrier XX and air carrier B XY mixed up. supplemental information from ACN 120681: at approximately 3300' approach called and said we were assigned 4000' but to remain at 3000'. we told the controller that we had read back 3000' and 190 Knots flight XX. this received no response,Communication Environment;Other;Proficiency
124361,UPON taxi out for takeoff at XX19 Eastern Daylight Time (official sunset occurred at XX04E) tower advised me that the runway lights were out of service. weather was clear and sufficient adequate daylight remained to clearly see the runway and entire airport. at XX28E I cleared myself for takeoff after tower reported the runway was clear; but they were not permitted to clear me for takeoff with no runway lights. no conflicts or unusual events occurred. I felt that the tower controller should have been permitted more authority in determining whether adequate daylight prevailed in actual conditions rather than applying arbitrary cutoff time which covers the most stringent condition which might occur,Resource Deficiency
124850,AFTER departure from SJC airport and while on a SJC 6 Standard Instrument Departure; according to SJC departure control; I either left the Terminal Control Area or operated below the floor of the Terminal Control Area. that departure requires; when using runway 30L; to maintain runway heading until 1.8 mile; then turn right to 110 degree to intercept the ave 304 degree right. when going through a NE heading departure asked what the heading was. that request followed 2 more times. after responding 3 times; I asked my Fahrenheit/O to verify that departure had us in radar contact. he responded by saying that I was operating below the Terminal Control Area. if; in fact; I was operating below the Terminal Control Area; I would have been in violation of 91.70(Celsius). more important; however; I believe that this particular Standard Instrument Departure is in error. my company procedures are to raise flaps after noise abatement procedures which in this case was 1000'; and then to continue to accelerate in the climb. that is what I did. so; if I can follow proper procedures; and still go below or outside of the Terminal Control Area; then there seems to be a flaw with this Standard Instrument Departure. I might also add that there is a note requiring that the above-mentioned right turn be made within 4 Nautical Mile of SJC VOR and TACAN (Co-Located). but I have used that same Standard Instrument Departure other times W/O a problem. finally; other than going outside of the Terminal Control Area; there does not seem to be a good reason for the 4 Nautical Mile requirement. but; if I am missing something here; and there is a good reason; then more attention must be directed on the Standard Instrument Departure to maintaining a certain speed such as 200 Knots. from my experience that is the only way to avoid a similar incident,Resource Deficiency
125279,PASSED LYH VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; had lynchburg airport visually; cleared visual approach by center. Fahrenheit/O reported position as '5 S of the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range' (meant 5 S of the airport). I DIDN't catch it. requested/cleared to enter left downwind runway 21. caught yellow aircraft in center of WINDSCREEN; same altitude. executed hard right turn; he did the same. missed by 100-200'. tower said they DIDN't expect us to be where we were. (people on ground saw near miss but tower was unaware of our position; with lights and strobes!!?) another case of see and avoid; especially on weekends around small airports. recommendations: 1) tower should make it clear to aircraft when 'not in sight'. 2) LYH should have a radar departure to better monitor Instrument Flight Rules traffic. 3). we should endeavor to accurately report positions,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
125677,I was controling traffic on W departure radar in bradley approach control (Y90) when CGA x departed BDL en route to SCH. he was vectored to the center VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range to intercept the route and climbed to 10;000. an automated HANDOFF was initiated to albany approach (alb) approximately 20 mile from the airspace boundary. another target was in HANDOFF status to me. while I was coordinating with that controller to take the HANDOFF and making other control instructions to various aircraft on my frequency; CGA x was continuing towards the airspace boundary. as CGA x was approaching the boundary; alb approach called via the LANDLINE requesting the altitude of CGA x and was advised 10;000. alb approach authorized descent to 9000 for crossing traffic at 10;000. CGA x was issued descent to 9000 and a left turn of approximately 120 degree as the aircraft was crossing the airspace boundary in an attempt to keep the aircraft from entering alb approach'S airspace without HANDOFF coordination completed. in making the turn the aircraft crossed the airspace boundary prior to a HANDOFF being accepted. LANDLINE coordination was effected with alb approach and CGA x was issued a vector to resume the route and communication transferred to alb approach. I believe the situation occurred because I was temporarily distracted by the other HANDOFF situation; coordination with another controller in my facility; and the various control actions necessary at the position. I believe that the situation could have been prevented by at least 2 ways. first; by myself having ensured the automated HANDOFF was accepted by the time the aircraft crossed the center VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; 10 mile from the boundary; and if not; getting LANDLINE HANDOFF communication effected at that time. second; the receiving controller; although not necessarily obligated by directive; could have made LANDLINE coordination prior to the aircraft almost reaching the airspace boundary if the automated HANDOFF was not going to be accepted,Preoccupation
126173,ACFT assigned descent by center from FL370 to 180 with restriction descend at 2500 Feet Per Minute or more. crew acknowledged by READBACK. at approximately out of FL260 center switched flight to approach control. aircraft told to continue descent to FL110. at about FL180 Fahrenheit/O saw traffic ahead on airway descending on same course and asked approach to confirm descent clearance and notified approach control of traffic in sight ahead and being overtaken. Air Traffic Control confirmed descent clearance and gave the overtaken aircraft type (MLG). Captain altered course to the left to avoid and asked Fahrenheit/O to report our deviation. Fahrenheit/O reported we have altered course to the left maintaining heading 190 to avoid getting down on overtaken aircraft. Captain asked Fahrenheit/O to speak directly to overtaken aircraft and give him a visual on our position (coming abeam to his left same altitude about 2 mile). Fahrenheit/O did and Air Traffic Control (approach) instructed our flight to return to the airway. Fahrenheit/O reported unable to prevent midair. approach responded with instruction to maintain heading 190 degree for sequencing. problem resolved. comment: flight was aware of preceding traffic in cruise ahead and below at FL330. was also aware of traffic behind at FL370; both types twin turbine MLG. reporting air carrier received descent clearance with restriction at same time as other aircraft. it was right after en route sector change. maintain 2500 Feet Per Minute or more Light Emitting Diode us to believe it was aircraft behind given simultaneous descent and we presumed that aircraft ahead had cleared. (comment was made that preceding aircraft must have gone to MALLORCA; on a different airway.,Proficiency
126606,IMMEDIATELY after takeoff (approximately 400 above ground level) we noticed propeller Revolutions Per Minute had dropped from 1380 (normal) to 1150. this created a loud out-of-sync sound. at this time we discussed all possibilities available to us. in the interest of safety; we performed a precautionary shutdown; declared an emergency; and returned for landing without incident. all checklists (as appropriate) were performed (normal and abnormal). there were no injuries,Resource Deficiency
127169,TRNING at sector with moderate to heavy traffic; and lots of Visual Flight Rules'S. 1 of 2 Very High Frequency frequencies had a stuck microphone. normal errors the TRNEE made put the sector behind. the radar man (FPL) took over sector and started to square it away. I heard the radar man turn and descend 1 of the aircraft. I called another sector point him out. the other aircraft was being worked by another sector. due to frequency congestion; I had approved the aircraft to enter our airspace; but did not take the handoff--so that aircraft was on other controller'S frequency. he saw the problem and asked what to do; and was told other aircraft was descending. first aircraft did not turn or descend; and said he saw other aircraft and wanted to keep him in sight. the radar man waited too longitude to take sector over from TRNEE. I waited too longitude to shut aircraft off. both of us were trying to provide maximum service to the aircraft and the TRNEE. in hindsight; approving aircraft to enter W/O talking to him is not good. I should have just told them to keep aircraft out. stuck microphone really hurt radar side. more coordination was necessary because TRNEE hurt me on associate side. also; poor quality of march line when I needed to coordinate,Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency
127599,DURING takeoff roll; right engine accelerated slower than left; but since aircraft was light; temperature cool and runway longitude; aircraft accelerated very rapidly. by the time I scanned all engine instruments and saw fuel flow on right engine low (8800# on right; a normal 13;000# on left) and pushed right throttle to a maximum position; the AIRSPEED was indicating 100+ Knots and increasing rapidly; I decided not to abort takeoff even though manual 'suggests' aborting when standard and maximum powers AREN't available,Resource Deficiency
127963,ON the morning in question; data blocks were jumping and the supervisor in charge thought she witnessed a system error. I informed her that the targets were jumping and I felt that 5 mile had never been compromised. the AEDP did not register a loss of sep. she however ordered an n-tap!. the n-tap was missing data; so this event was categorized a 'non-occurrence.' the remainder of the morning I RPTED similar losses of flight data in roughly the same area. this continued the rest of my shift; with no corrective action taken,Resource Deficiency
129810,S/O noticed loss of hydraulic QTY system a. completed immediate actions with the Captain and began going through irregular procedures. there was enough pressure in the lines to get the gear down normally. alternate flap extension was conducted first; to preserve the pressure in the lines for gear extension. the head Fahrenheit/a was called to cockpit and briefed. the passenger were briefed for the landing. no nose wheel steering was anticipated. the pumps were left off to preserve pressure in the lines. company maintenance was called and notified. emergency equipment for an amber alert was prepared on the ground. at 300'; the command to 'brace' was given; and the a-pumps for National Weather Service was turned on. the crew completed a normal landing; and were able to taxi to the gate W/O assistance. leftover pressure was minimal. the crew conducted themselves professionally and as a team in a tense situation,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
130352,TRIP segment SFO-ord; reserve-built trip. the Captain; Fahrenheit/O; and I were all new to this aircraft. I had 1 1/2 months and the Fahrenheit/O had 4 months on the airplane. the Captain had 2 months on the airplane; part of which included an extended vacation just after he completed training. both pilots had previously flown 3-engine LGT'S. I am new to the company (I.E.; no previous turbojet experience). we had just switched over to ord approach frequency when the Captain (Pilot Not Flying) asked for an Instrument Landing System. since ord was shooting visuals; the controller asked 'why in the world do you want an Instrument Landing System??' the Captain replied 'operational'; and the controller said 'I don't understand your request; stand by.' we were then cleared to 6000' and vectored Federal Aviation Regulation E over lake michigan. we had numerous targets to watch among the clouds and numerous vectors to comply with. approach then vectored us onto 27R final approach and cleared us down to 5000'. I was extremely busy watching traffic; listening to approach; monitoring the Captain and Fahrenheit/O (he nearly busted altitude twice); and monitoring aircraft systems. at 16 mile out; we were vectored off course; brought back around; descended to 4000'; and cleared for the Instrument Landing System. before switching us to tower; approach gave us a phone # to call. this caused a brief bout of confusion. what did we do wrong? it took extra effort to block this out of my mind. (the Captain phoned later; they just wanted to know if we were 'campaigning'.) at 1000' radio altitude; the Ground Proximity Warning System gave a single 'pull-up' warning. I quickly looked at all the parameters; descent rate; gear down and locked; landing flaps; but everything was normal. again; momentary confusion ensued; but the approach was continued. we got 3 more warnings at 500'; 100'; and 10' which the Captain COULDN't silence. the touchdown was normal; to my immense relief. this entire scenario lasted approximately 15 minutes. due to the type of flying in this aircraft; longitude legs with few takeoffs and LNDGS; it takes at least 2 months of reserve flying to gain a comfortable routine. the pilots were making mistakes which greatly increased my own workload. since they COULDN't back me up; I made sure to triple-check everything I did; besides double-checking everything they did. the practice of pairing inexperienced crew members is unsafe. the strongest feature of this crew was that we got along very well and had no trouble communicating. newly trained pilots should be paired with experienced crew members for their first 2 months of line flying,Familiarity;Other;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Taskload
130746,WHILE working local at SYR tower; the following events took place. air carrier Y was cleared to land runway 28. just before this; the ground controller advised he had traffic to cross runway 28 at intersection Mach Number and the departure end. air carrier Y was given Runway Visual Range 2800 and again cleared to land. air carrier Y RPTED traffic crossing the runway in front of him. I asked the aircraft if he was going around. he replied 'I'Mach Number continuing my landing.' the most significant factor was limited visibility. performance considerations: breakdown of verbal communications between the ground controller and SMA x. my opinion was that the event was a Pilot Deviation. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following: visibility was reduced due to blowing snow. a system error was filed by the Federal Aviation Administration. the investigation revealed the ground controller was not busy. both the local and ground controllers could not see the movement area due to restrict visibility. SMA x did not follow the taxi route issued by the ground controller. SMA x asked to cross runway 28 and the instructions were 'taxi straight ahead; cross runway 32.' the ground controller thought the aircraft was holding short of runway 32 as the aircraft was cleared,Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
131258,I was flying Visual Flight Rules from colorado to casper; WY at XA pm via cheyenne and douglas. scattered snow showers; but generally good visibility; bright moon and stars. as I approached douglas; I saw lightning in clouds. denver flight watch said chadron; NE; radar reported level 2 at 120 mile W. this was not forecast. I changed my route and flew due W; n of laramie MTN and S of casper MTN; paralleling the river valley. cruised at 10;500'. could see laramie 90 mile S and scottsbluff; NE; to the E. flew W to platte river valley; descended to 6500 and turned n. picked up scattered clouds at around 10;000' then 8500' and then at 7500'. used denver flight watch (COULDN't pick up casper Flight Service Station or approach). denver called casper and reported they were still 14 scattered 40 broken 10 mile visibility 3 degree temperature/dew point spread. flew n toward airport (approximately 20 mile n) using farm lights and highway traffic as additional reference. used casper (muddy MTN) VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range radial and Distance Measuring Equipment plus Automatic Direction Finder for double-check. called approach; squawked and identify. he asked altitude; reported 6500 and then corrected to 6000. approach lost my target; but I continued to talk to approach. report where I was and that I had good visibility. reported that I could see highway lights; farms; etc and my position over the river near the narrows. wham! I called approach and said 'I've lost all visual contact. I need help'. approach replied 'keep your wings level and climb to 7000'. keep heading of 360 degree; keep your wings level. are you instrument rated?' I replied 'negative'. approach 'I have you at 7000'. keep your wings level and heading 360 and we'LL get you to the airport'. (or something very similar!) I broke out within a couple of minutes and could see the city and the airport clearly. approach turned me over to tower and he cleared me to land. the snow shower was only about 2 mile wide at the most but was in the worst of places; no room to turn around. I had gone too Federal Aviation Regulation. should have done 180 and flew 100 mile to laramie; which I could see earlier. I believe I did right in that once I was in trouble; I asked for help and climbed instead of trying to go under the shower. the reported 14 scattered 40 broken and good visibility reported at the airport; with me flying in good Visual Flight Rules; bright moon; sure made me over confident. one small snow shower and a couple of hills between me and the field; and I very nearly bought the farm. I was terrified after I landed!! you just can't see everything at night!! thank god I was in contact with a good controller when I got in trouble. I had become complacent flying this route many times. the fair weather at destination and beautiful night flying reinforced this feeling. this one was the lesson that I've only read about happening to others,Attitude;Physical Environment
132324,TURNING final to runway 3 from a left OPS Base Operations Office; I nearly collided with an SMA that was also turning final from the opposite OPS Base Operations Office. I was following the aircraft the tower had sequenced me to follow. I do not know where the other aircraft came from. the tower did not issue a traffic alert to me. contributing factors: intensive student TRNING at this airport. lack of radar prevents controllers from issuing traffic alerts. at this time of day the visibility was very bad due to the angle of the sun. corrective actions: tower should limit the amount of pattern traffic to the amount the controllers can safely monitor W/O radar,Other;Physical Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
133044,ACFT departed gate 3B at ord. proceeded to bravo S hold line to await taxi clearance. taxi instructions were to proceed straight ahead to the outer taxiway; then turn left for a 32L (full length) takeoff. due to proximity of approaching 747; a slight right turn was necessary and turn onto outer taxiway was accomplished using C11. aircraft weighed approximately 500000 pounds and was bound for HNL. Captain commented on weight and need to watch power used very closely. at no time did thrust exceed 40% N1; which is flight handbook limit. upon return from HNL; crew was advised that jet bust had caused an LD3 container (empty) to come loose from its carrier; pinning a ground employee against a tractor. container then struck tractor driver (no injury RPTED by driver). man pinned against tractor had x-rays (negative) and RPTED a stiff shoulder; and was using a sling. container was in the vicinity of gate C4; and was evidently blown during the left turn onto the outer taxiway. ground crew comments indicate that the area around gate C4; at the S end of the Celsius concourse at ord; experiences much jet blast due to its proximity to the TXWYS. as flight manual limits were observed in the incident described here; perhaps the only preventive measure that could have been taken would have been a different taxi routing to the outer taxiway.,Physical Environment
133665,3 hot air balloons departed from the n area of town (about 3 mile from the airport) after drifting SEBND for about 1 hour; one of the balloons was observed by me to descend near the state penitentiary. shortly thereafter; the state pen called us (the tower) to complain that the balloon had momentarily landed in their minimum security area. this is not the first incident we have had with balloons. they commonly depart from parks well inside the city limits (and the actual time Of arrival). they have landed near busy roads and on the airport itself. several times they have flown at low altitude just off the departure end of the runway in use. I see no reason why they cannot depart from a park away from the city and outside the actual time Of arrival. callback conversation with reporter revealed the following: reporter experience: 6 YRS radar; 2 YRS non radar. the reporter stated this and other incidents with the hot air balloons have gone unreported. the reporter was counseled on Federal Aviation Administration reporting procedures and that he should approach the facility management about the non reporting. also a Letter Of Agreement between the Air Traffic Control tower and the hot air balloon pilots should be entered into,Other
134094,ON Instrument Flight Rules TRNING flight; on Instrument Flight Rules clearance; aircraft was proceeding via radar vectors; heading 360 degree; altitude 2000'. we were expecting the Instrument Landing System to 8 at FXE. as INSTR; I needed to give my student a few unusual attitudes. when handed off to the final controller; I requested permission to maneuver Visual Flight Rules for approximately 5 minutes prior to proceeding to FXE. the controller asked if I wanted to cancel Instrument Flight Rules. thinking this would cause an extended delay in getting home or result in being denied an Inertial Navigation System approach to FXE; I refused to cancel and repeated the request to maneuver for 5 minutes before proceeding. the controller assigned heading of 310 degree and said that we had to remain below 2000' due to heavy traffic. (2000' is Minimum Vector Altitude there; 2200' is IAA.) I acknowledged this; stated that I would remain below 2000' and call him back when I was finished maneuvering. I then turned down the VOL on the radio to talk to the student; descended to 1500'; did 3 unusual attitudes; remaining well below 2000' and maintaining a generally NW-erly direction of flight. upon completion of these maneuvers; I initiated a climb back to 2000' and called Air Traffic Control. total time off frequency was 5 minutes or less. I probably should have monitored the frequency for a minute more; and also should have insisted on specific authorization for my maneuvers. on the other hand; the controller should have either specifically authority/authorized or specifically denied my request. there was no other traffic dangerously close--however had there been; this misunderstanding could have resulted in tragedy,Other
134626,WE experienced an engine fire warning and we followed operating manual procedures. executed an en route landing at ord for maintenance action. we were not overweight and air carrier notified. discharged #1 bottle and light went out,Resource Deficiency
136755,EVV to OWB direct. clearance AF 4000-8000 (10 minute) 126.4. I am Pilot Flying very short flight. 1ST time I have done this particular trip (35 mile approximately). there is Visual Flight Rules SMA Y traffic SSWBND se of EVV 3-4 mile. also other Instrument Flight Rules traffic. we are unaware of both. Air Traffic Control controller 126.4 is trainee; supervised. we depart runway 4 assigned runway heading and 4000; climbing at 140 Knots; 2500 Feet Per Minute. at approximately 2000' Mean Sea Level we are notified of Visual Flight Rules SMA Y 11 O'clock; 2000'; 1-2 mile and maintain 2500' and proceed direct OWB while maintaining visual separation. I turned eastbound (OWB being a 140 heading or so) and pushed the nose over as smoothly as possible. maximum altitude we achieved was 2750' Mean Sea Level. also; I started back towards a se heading to maintain a safe reasonable distance from Visual Flight Rules SMA Y. at this point trainee controller orders 180 heading; now. we comply immediately. then she orders Instrument Flight Rules inbound to maintain 3500' per supervisor orders; I gather. we proceeded OWB and landed on schedule. we were to OWB tower and talked to its operator; a contract tower for air carrier operations. he knew EVV controllers and he called and queried them. they said that there was no problem or incident; just that our E turn had put us very close to their inbound traffic pattern. also; the 2500' altitude was the normal altitude requested by crews for the flight; however; we were unaware of that and we were filed for 8000'. we never ever saw the possible Instrument Flight Rules traffic nor were we advised to look,Familiarity;Proficiency
137050,ACFT x called on frequency descending to 110. about a minute later I cleared aircraft x to 100; he acknowledged; about 2 minutes later I cleared aircraft x to 80; he acknowledged. I then gave aircraft x a right 360 degree turn for spacing into the DFW terminal area. about 2 minutes later I had to give aircraft x another 360 degree right turn. about 1 minute I saw that aircraft x had descended through his assigned altitude and I advised him. I then gave air carrier x an immediate descent to 50. aircraft x acknowledged for this clearance; I told aircraft x negative climb and maintain 70. I was unable to turn aircraft x because of other traffic. after listening to the voice tapes of the incident several times it was determined that aircraft x asked the question 'do you want us all the way to six?' at the end of this first 360 degree right turn read back. due to the traffic load; coordination; and poor receivers the question was missed and the question was never asked again. aircraft x descended to 6000' W/O a clearance. the receivers were garbled and scratchy on this day more so than others; but it is a problem that has been brought up many times before. during the time that I spent on SCY low sector on 2-XX-90 I did change the receivers but it did not help. I believe that the frequency problem on 135.25 had a lot to do with this deviation; along with the fact that the pilot of aircraft x not sure of his altitude assignment should have asked his question again to insure the correct altitude,Communication Environment;Taskload
137196,FLT from TOKYO-san francisco; 2/90 was in the #1 position for takeoff on runway 34 at new TOKYO international (narita) airport. the weather was Instrument Flight Rules with 3000 visibility; rain and mist with a wind of 350 degree at 17 Knots. it was the copilot'S leg. a wide body aircraft had just landed and the three crew members heard the tower transmit 'air carrier-identification cleared into position'. the Captain acknowledged the transmission and the Fahrenheit/O taxied the aircraft onto runway 34 and set the brakes. after a short time the tower asked what is the position of air carrier the Captain replied that air carrier was on the runway. the tower then gave another aircraft a go around that was on approach. the crew discussed the transmission and all felt with certainty that our aircraft had been cleared into position. my only thought upon reflection upon the incident was that the tower operator may have made a comment for our aircraft to continue to hold. one of the ironies of this incident was that all three cockpit members had read the dec 89 callback about 'what is your position' when flying international. I had brought that issue to the cockpit because I thought that it should be read by everyone when flying where all the communicators are not speaking in their primary language. did the tower operator clear us into position? did we hear what we wanted to hear? was there a language problem? I don't know. callback conversation with RPTR revealed following information. RPTR states that a few weeks later two similar incidents occurred. even though maintaining awareness. we tend to be critical but must be aware that controllers are speaking what for them is a second language. RPTR states that JAPANESE controllers work at being helpful; but when they become a bit proficient in our language they tend to speak faster and the situation compounds. many countries use different expressions to 'take the runway'. manila differs from BANGKOK which differs from TOKYO; ECT. we need standardization,Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Pressure
137565,WX CAVU wind 300 at 12 temperature 10 degree Fahrenheit. I arrived and found the SMA I rented to be totally covered in snow and ice. line crewman pulled SMA into a hangar for deice because their alcohol system WASN't working. all snow and ice was melted enough to remove with a shop broom. after BROOMING all snow and ice was gone but the plane was all wet. the PAXS and myself found some chamois rags and dried the airplane to my satisfaction. some of the control surface hinges were wet; but just wet; no ice or snow anywhere. PREFLT was accomplished with no problems. start-up and taxi took about 10 minute. during taxi I checked controls 2 or 3 times with no problems. but I DIDN't check trim to see if it was frozen. during before takeoff check I moved trim to takeoff position with no problem. during PRETKOF check; I was satisfied. takeoff roll was fine everything was working properly. shortly after liftoff; I noticed the AIRSPD was reading low. I immediately lower nose and RETRIMMED but COULDN't because the trim wheel was frozen. I analyzed the problem and then informed tower that my trim was frozen; my AIRSPD read 0; my VSI registered a 600 Feet Per Minute climb. nothing in the PITOT static system was reliable. the airplane was flying fine. I told tower I wanted to play around with some simulated approaches before I tried a real one. circling to land my AIRSPD indicator came back on line; but the altimeter and VSI were still acting erratically. tower gave me a longitude straight-in and a landing was accomplished uneventfully. this was my first experience with these type of circumstances. up until I started flying at this Fixed-Base Operator; I have never rented an airplane that WASN't HANGARED,Physical Environment
139096,FRONT passing through area and approach vectoring me to final; 1ST try controller said he could do better and took me out again and directed me to turn left then said no turn right and vectored me to approach course at 2000' intercepted inbound just prior to ELTRO intersection and cleared me for approach set up descent and leveled off at 750' checked Distance Measuring Equipment; showed 17.2 Distance Measuring Equipment; missed approach point at 18 Distance Measuring Equipment; looked again still showing 17? looked for airport could not find looked at Distance Measuring Equipment again and realized it was still reading 17.2 and I must have flown through missed approach point. added power and started climb; it was very turbulent and had trouble keeping plane level; contacted approach; wrong frequency; changed to right one; still having trouble keeping on course and went 400' above assigned altitude and missed approach was a mess. I don't have any explanation for Distance Measuring Equipment and I was depending on it for the missed approach point. weather report was within limits when I was issued the clearance but was below limits when I arrived and it would seem that with the turbulence I had a hard time keeping the plane level and on course and following instructions. my 2 PAXS did not really like the bouncing around and my wife who was one of them said she nearly got sick. after things settled down I asked for and received a clearance to modesto; VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range approach runway 28R. everything went smooth and was an ideal approach. the first approach WASN't good from the start; the weather was terrible and I did a very poor job of flying the plane in turbulence. the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range needle was centered and the decision height was okay but I did not grasp the Distance Measuring Equipment problem as soon as I should have and I was so busy flying the airplane that I fouled up the missed approach completely and can blame no one but myself. the airplane involved is a type and I have over 800 hours in it and have shot dozens of approaches with no problems prior to this,Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Preoccupation
139525,DESCENDING to lander; WY we had been previously cleared Area Navigation direct lander. due to poor reception of the RIW VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range we were proceeding direct to lander using the laramie VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. as we neared lander and started to descend I set the coordinates for lander in the Area Navigation off of RIW VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and we started navigating off of RIW. when we got below the clouds I realized we had been navigating directly to RIW because although I had set the coordinates in the Area Navigation I had not switched to Area Navigation mode. we were in normal VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range mode and had proceeded direct to riverton about 18 Nautical Mile n of lander. the only way to avoid this type of occurrence is to carefully check the mode you're in when using an Area Navigation for navigation,Communication Environment;Proficiency
141322,I made a touch and go at tweed HVN. I have approximately 70 hours of flight training; some of it solo. getting near my private pilot license tests. I made a landing with proper AIRSPEED 76-80 MPH with 3 notches flaps. touchdown was normal; but I was surprised it bounced and it appears headwind (approximately 10 Knots) picked it up. second touchdown was harder; but DIDN't seem to damage anything. plane was at all times under control. later I heard a vibration and checked; finding propeller was bent several inches both ends. no Federal Aviation Regulation'S were violated. student pilot (have current 3RD class medical certificate and student pilot certificate). solo endorsed by 2 instructors. no unusual weather or wind (except possibly a freak gust on landing which caused bounce-lift). according to National Transportation Safety Board it is neither an 'accident' nor an 'incident',Physical Environment;Proficiency;Unexpected
141728,ACFT was on a Visual Flight Rules flight to W52 at 4500'. contacted RDU approach about 20 mile se. approach gave transponder code; which was inserted. RDU approach did not have radar contact; which I thought unusual. continued on course as directed. transited southern fringe of RDU ARSA. controller notified me of radar contact 10 mile SW RDU. at that time stated possible transponder failure. next statement was to begin Visual Flight Rules DSNT to 3000'; and I had traffic 3 O'clock; 2 mile; same destination. I RPTED W52 in sight. I was; at this time; not in the ARSA. I began a DSNT to pattern altitude 3-5 mile ESE W52. changed frequency to raleigh radio to cancel flight plan. then changed frequency to W52 UNICOM 123.00. at this time the SMA traffic informed me that RDU approach had not terminated radar service. recontacted RDU approach. they had lost contact (radio) for 3-5 minutes which at that point radar service was terminated. problem; in my opinion; began with transponder failure and/or failure of pilot/Air Traffic Control to diagnose transponder failure; leading to DISTRS in later states. problem changing frequency W/O requesting frequency change or receiving clearance to do so. UNCLR instructions re: ARSA termination by controller,Communication Environment;Other;Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
142171,ON short final; the Fahrenheit/O complained of the sudden onset of severe abdominal cramping. after landing and immediately upon clearing all active runways; the Fahrenheit/O went back to the lav. I continued to taxi the aircraft toward the gate area. the Fahrenheit/O returned while still on the taxiway and we continued W/O further incident to the gate. in retrospect; I should have stopped the aircraft in a safe location while the Fahrenheit/O was out of the cockpit,Physical Factors
142573,AFTER approximately 3 1/2 hours of an eventual 5 1/2 hour flight from BIL to oak; having just switched from heading to navigate mode on the Auto-Pilot; I was doing paperwork; (trend monitoring and VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range check) when SLC called and said they showed my altitude readout as 15500' which when I looked down; was correct. when switching modes on the Auto-Pilot; my super giant sized finger evidently also hit the altitude hold and turned it off. I failed to properly monitor the gauges,Preoccupation;Proficiency
142860,VFR departure from oakland. ground advised experimental procedure for Visual Flight Rules departures as follows: 'clearance; turn right to 340 degree heading after takeoff. climb to but remain below 2500'. departure frequency XXXX squawk XXXX'. normal takeoff! runway 33. immediately turned to 340 degree heading for CLBOUT. tower RPTED radar contact. I observed ceiling about 2100' Mean Sea Level and hilltops obscured on 340 degree heading less than 4 mile ahead. I advised tower. I requested immediate climb (clearance) to 'on top'. tower advised clearance unable. suggested 30 degree right turn. (there was 300' or so clearance above hills on this heading; but deteriorating visibility; so I turned to about 010 degree. tower then switched me to departure; where I repeated my request and was granted clearance. no further event occurred. a low time or student could have found themselves in Instrument Meteorological Conditions within three minutes after takeoff. I do not believe this procedure advisable,Other
143010,ON takeoff with a 15 Knot x-wind; power was set to takeoff power. at about 60 Knots; the Fahrenheit/O made a comment that the #2 engine instruments were fluctuating. W/O much verification; an abort was achieved at low speed W/O incident. a static RUNUP was accomplished to look for possible deviations from the norm. (no deviations noted). a second takeoff was attempted and at 60 Knots with power set all indications appeared normal however; at about 90 Knots the Pilot Not Flying (Fahrenheit/O) RPTED ni and EPR fluctuations. the takeoff was aborted at about 100 Knot AIRSPD W/O incident. the brake cooling chart was consulted and found to be within parameters; however; a mechanic was summoned to do a visibility inspection of the brakes and tires before continuation to the gate for a full shutdown. summary: aircraft probably should have been checked by maintenance after the first abort even though pilots could not give much of a description of early suspicions,Resource Deficiency
143279,SMA x over sea under the control of sea tower. SMA x; upon exiting the Terminal Control Area; the controller told me to contact RNT tower over valley medical center. I contacted RNT tower over the medical center as instructed. RNT tower instructed me to enter a left downwind for runway 15 and report the gravel pit. before reaching the gravel pit; RNT tower contacted me and told me to widen my downwind and follow traffic to my left. this did not make sense; since widening my downwind would move me toward the right; not to follow an aircraft ahead and to the left. I could see no traffic to the left or right ahead. I called tower back at this point and told them I was looking and could they confirm traffic to the left. tower confirmed traffic ahead and to my left. the controller became more agitated and told me traffic on the left several times and traffic at 11 O'clock. I informed tower that I did not have traffic in sight. tower then told me to make a right 360 degree turn; 'now.' I started a right 360 degree turn and immediately saw SMT Y that had been overtaking me on the right. the SMT Y pilot said; 'you steered him right into me' on the radio. I reversed my bank and made a tight left 360 degree turn avoiding SMT Y by about 200 YDS. I believe tower may have gotten our call signs confused since the controller repeatedly told me about traffic ahead and left (my position relative to SMT Y). also; the sea controller instructed me to contact RNT tower at a point close in; which may have complicated matters. upon landing; the RNT tower supervisor informed me that they wanted me to enter on the 45 instead of straight in on the downwind; and a report was being filed by the other pilot,Other
143770,15 minutes E of my takeoff I was intending to establish visual contact with marathon airport; then turn to a heading of 358 degree and fly up the west coast of florida. I was aware of the restrict zone right-2916 (and could see the balloons) when departure control called me; asked for a squawk identify and instructed me to turn right. I replied that I had the radar 'balloons on my right'. departure control repeated 'turn right immediately'. that'S when I made a 90 degree turn to the left (n) and entered right-2916. departure control then said I was to turn right! which I finally did. my confusion over right/left was a result of the situation I was in. I felt tension with the thought of those cables going from the ground to 10000' only 3 mile to my left. when departure control started asking me about my position in relation to them (the balloons); I thought they wanted me to avoid the area by flying n of it. so I turned toward the balloons but at no time was I any closer than a 2 or 3 mile spread,Other
144648,DURING takeoff using maximum power available; probably just after liftoff; left engine failed. (we DIDN't know then; but hot segments of the turbine section ejected from the engine and started a grass fire about 100 YDS off the departure end of the runway.) about 600-800' above ground level we felt the thrust loss and noticed engine readings were falling off on the left side. I called the tower and told them we had an engine failure; declared an emergency; and requested an immediate return to land. we completed an engine shutdown using Quick Reference Handbook (quick reference handbook) and cleaned up aircraft. I informed our Fahrenheit/a'S that we would be landing shortly and that we would not plan on an emergency evacuate/evacuation since we had no indication of fire in the engine. we called our company and relayed our problem. told Air Traffic Control that we would like to delay our landing to burn off fuel and check further on our maximum landing weight conditions. I called our dispatch for assistance in determining our maximum landing weight for lax. told to stand by; but after a while our weight was about 340000#. I decided t land as soon as possible since our weight was not decreasing very rapidly. I requested my Fahrenheit/O review all our CHKLISTS to see if we covered all areas. he did same. I took control of the aircraft and he reviewed everything. we had a female ZMA controller on our jump seat to observe and watch for traffic. we then made a smooth landing on 25L at lax at 340600#. touched down at about 160 Knots. had no control or tire problems. brake temperature went to about 275 degree Celsius; as observed by Fahrenheit/O. fire department said we had no fire or smoke. parked aircraft on gate 48 lax. observed several holes in engine tail cone and trailing edge flap; and dents from turbine blades in jack screw covers. no fuselage holes or dents were seen by me,Resource Deficiency
145044,I was in the process of landing at kent state university airport with a left crosswind. my approach was not very good--overshooting the runway on turn to final. I corrected that and lined up with the CENTERLINE using a slip to hold position. the left wheel touched first; as intended. when the right wheel touched; the plane turned to the right as though the right brake was on. I could not get the aircraft turned down the runway and ran off on the grass. I held the yoke back to keep the nose wheel light in the wet; soft grass; steered around a runway marker light; and then got the plane turned left back onto the runway. I parked the plane and inspected it. there was no damage to the plane and the right brake seemed to be ok. 2 other men from the airport also checked it out to verify that everything was normal. I taxied the plane and checked the brakes several times--everything checked ok. in retrospect; I wonder if something I did contributed to this event since the brake appeared to be ok when checked following the landing. however; nothing like this has been encountered on any of my other LNDGS--before or after,Proficiency
145410,DEPARTING from LGA we were given the LGA 3 departure; vectors to white intersection; coney climb as per out clearance. we were given takeoff clearance at approximately ii:30 local. once airborne I flew the Standard Instrument Departure as required by the coney climb (runway 13). at 3000' I began a right turn to heading 235 degree. about 10 degree into the tower the departure controller issued a turn to the left heading 040 degree. at about the same time a second controller asked if we were turning right. at this point we were in a left turn to 040 degree as requested. now we were confused. we told the controller we had been issued the coney climb. he seemed surprised. there were no conflicts. when we reached our destination; I called the ny radar approach facility and spoke with the supervisor on duty at the time. he stated that we had been issued a coney climb; but at about the same time we were cleared for takeoff at LGA; JFK changed runways; which in turn required LGA to change the climb from coney to whitestone. however; we never received this change. the supervisor was very helpful in explaining what actually happened. however; we were made to feel that we had made the error; when we actually had not received the change in climbs. we all make mistakes; but sometimes controller are too quick to pin the blame on the pilot. we can only fly the CLRNCS as given--we can't read minds,Communication Environment;Other;Unexpected
145529,WE were given a 240 degree vector at 3800' to intercept the altitude 26R Instrument Landing System course. the Captain was flying the aircraft using the Auto-Pilot with the navigate/localizer function selected for an automatic intercept. his (the Captain'S) VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range receiver was properly tuned to 110.1 with 272 degree in his course selector. I personally tuned and IDENTED his Navigational Aid as well as redan; the marker. my Navigational Aid was left on ATL (116.9) to receive Distance Measuring Equipment information to properly identify balli; the Air Traffic Control published intercept point. though Automatic Terminal Information Service was calling 20 mile visibility; the haze gave limited ground references (airport) at 10 Distance Measuring Equipment. Air Traffic Control called informing us that we were overshooting 26R and were getting close to the approach path for 27L. we initiated a turn 25-30 degree back to 26R and completed the approach. at the time of the Air Traffic Control call the Captain'S Inertial Navigation System still showed him well right of course. I immediately switched to 110.1 (Instrument Landing System frequency) and it indicated well left of course. Air Traffic Control advised that we needed to have the Inertial Navigation System checked. at the gate we had maintenance check the Inertial Navigation System. at that time I noticed the Captain/First Officer guarded Inertial Navigation System switch was in the Fahrenheit/O position; which would explain the indications on the Captain'S Inertial Navigation System. he was monitoring the ATL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range instead of the Instrument Landing System. how the switch got in the open/First Officer position is still a mystery. it is possible maintenance switched it; but that WOULDN't explain the approach and the subsequent operational check of both VORS. I suggest that the switch be safety wired to prevent future problems with it,Resource Deficiency
145737,CALLBACK conversation with RPTR revealed the following information. RPTR was working local at ord. Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility released approaching OPS Base Operations Office leg then the RPTR released air carrier x of runway 9. he thought there would be sufficient sep between the aircraft if air carrier x made a normal climb rate; however; he DIDN't climb as expected and XED over the MLT aircraft by 400' and within 1 mile. weather was 400' overcast and 1 mile visibility. RPTR has 21 YRS in Air Traffic Control with 12 YRS in radar. facility filed report,Physical Environment;Unexpected
145813,WE were on a scheduled flight to white plains; ny. the weather was deteriorating. white plains dropped below minimums and we were put into ah old at the NOBBI intersection. this intersection is 9 mile out on the 356 degree right of CMK VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. while in the hold; we contacted our company operations and were advised to divert to EWR with our passenger. at this time we advised N90 of our plans. we were then cleared; 'radar vectors direct huguenot VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range.' we were then told to descend to 6000' (we were currently at 8000'). the Captain acknowledged the clearance with our complete call sign; dialed 6000' in our altitude alert and proceeded to leave the #1 communication to get an update on the EWR weather. I then began the DSNT from 8000 to 6000'. while passing through 7400' N90 advised us to expedite back up to 8000'; that the DSNT clearance was not for us but for another flight with a similar call sign. our flight/altitude MIXUP occurred in a busy sector on an evening with bad weather; which increased the workload of the controllers. we also use 800 series flight #'S; which are very common and often confused with other similar flight #'S. on several occasions we have been called the wrong call sign/flight #; or our CLRNCS are acknowledged by another air carrier with a similar call sign. this is a common error made by controllers as well as pilots. the fact that the controller this evening was overloaded with traffic prevented this MIXUP from being discovered and rectified prior to us reaching 7400'.this altitude incursion did not result in any near misses or injuries,Other;Physical Environment;Pressure;Taskload
146156,LEFT gate with takeoff data calculated for runway 31L departure; ground control instructed taxi to runway 22L. accepted runway 22L and recalculated performance data for runway 22L which required a different flap setting. on takeoff with advancement of throttles got takeoff warning horn and rejected takeoff at slow speed. upon exiting runway discovered that flap/CG THUMBWHEELS for stabilizer were incorrectly set for flap 15 takeoff instead of the revised flap 19 takeoff. corrected setting and returned to runway. took off and all system normal. situation occurred due to last minute change in runway which required a change in CONFIGN; taxi checklist was run after setting new flap setting; but taxi checklist does not call for checking and resetting flap/CG THUMBWHEELS. I am just recently qualified in MLG aircraft and have little experience with a variable green takeoff band so old habit patterns do not apply and can lead to problems. the increased automation required more attention and time and often is difficult to accomplish with last minute changes; such as a last minute runway change. I would suggest that taxi checklist be revised to included not only flap position but that flap setting in CG commuter also be included with that item,Proficiency
146535,I was approaching the san Terminal Control Area to transition through the Visual Flight Rules corridor at 3500' Mean Sea Level. my aircraft was positioned just offshore in the vicinity of torrey pines. I could see ahead at the corridor altitude clouds which would not allow a legal; safe transition. realizing I COULDN't make it through the corridor; I called san approach to request a clearance through the Terminal Control Area. the OPS Base Operations Office of the clouds appeared to be approximately 3000' Mean Sea Level. the controller was saturated with Visual Flight Rules and Instrument Flight Rules traffic. I was told I would be #4 for clearance through the Terminal Control Area. the controller instructed another aircraft waiting for Visual Flight Rules clearance to wait in the vicinity n of del mar racetrack. I realized form listening to traffic that there were 4 aircraft besides myself; plus 2 or 3 aircraft on V23 making practice Instrument Flight Rules approaches to palomar. this concerned me because to the best of my knowledge none of us really knew where the other was. realizing I COULDN't stay in the area where I was I made a turn to head back to the del mar racetrack area. in order to get below the ARWY and our of the Terminal Control Area I started a DSNT which I felt would get me out of the area. about this time the dog I was delivering back to its owner had a case of diarrhea. this momentarily distracted me while I got the dog settled down. when I got to the vicinity of the del mar racetrack I descended to 2000' Mean Sea Level and waited for approximately 10-15 minutes for approach to call me with a clearance through the Terminal Control Area; which they did. upon arriving at brown field ground control advised me to call san approach; which informed me I had penetrated the Terminal Control Area and an FGT had to make a turn to avoid my aircraft. the controller asked me if I saw the FGT and I said no; which I DIDN't. suggestions: eliminate split-level airspace in Terminal Control Area sector D at san. Instrument Flight Rules-Visual Flight Rules-corridor-military traffic need some type of control in case this situation arises. too many aircraft funneling into a small area,Other;Physical Environment;Preoccupation;Taskload
146968,I was the Captain of a WDB landing at lax at night. we landed on runway 25L the copilot made the landing. at 80 Knots I took the aircraft; we were approaching the last high speed turn off #42. I heard the tower instruct us to hold short of runway 25R. we turned off the runway and proceeded towards runway 25R. I did not see any hold line and stopped short of the 25R runway lights (set on low). I instructed the copilot to get clearance to cross runway 25R. the tower operator asked if we were at the hold line. we answered we could not see it and that we were holding short of the runway. at that time the tower operator stated we were on the runway. we were not on the runway. the runway edge lights were well forward of our position. I then heard the tower cancel a heavy'S takeoff. the heavy jet slowed and turned off about 2000' from our position. the next day I made it a point to look for the hold line on runway 42S and short of runway 25R. the inner portion of the hold line was about 60 percent or 70 percent missing only the outer E and W portions of the hold line were CLRLY visible. this error could have been avoided if the hold line was well marked and considering the short distance between the runways; I think a well lighted hold point is appropriate,Resource Deficiency
147175,WE had already completed several legs that day and were to swap aircraft. a complete PREFLT inspection was done on the aircraft and all paperwork checked; the aircraft was completely legal to fly. as I entered the cockpit; I noticed there was no AUTOBRIEFER installed so I would have to give the oral briefing myself. (the first time in several days since all the aircraft I had been flying the past few days had been equipped with an AUTOBRIEFER; my normal 'flow' had been to begin the AUTOBRIEFER during engine start and then it would be complete when called on the taxi checklist). during taxi we began the taxi checklist; when we arrived to the 'passenger brief'; I called out 'complete'; having been used to my previous 'flow' of pressing the AUTOBRIEFER during the start. we departed. later during the flight I remembered there was no AUTOBRIEFER and then realized I did not recall giving an oral passenger brief. I had checked all the printed brief cards and safety equipment during the PREFLT and everything was in order; so the safety information was available to all PAXS. nevertheless; I was disappointed in myself for having forgotten the oral briefing. after this mistake and having read the Aviation Safety Reporting System callback report on 'brand x' aircraft; I more fully realize the need to be careful not to confuse one aircraft'S equipment for that installed or not installed on the one being flown. each flight is an individual flight and we must be very careful not to become complacent in our 'flow' and do it W/O thinking or realizing exactly what has been done and what needs to be done. I feel this mistake and having filed this report will emphasize in my mind to pay more attention to each item on the checklist and not to be in a hurry to merely call the item complete but to consider whether that item is complete in its entirety,Attitude;Proficiency
147329,DURING level cruise of FL370; the Captain exited the flight deck to use the bathroom. approximately 2 minutes later I felt a sudden a loud 'bang' on the right side of the aircraft. I then noticed #2 N2 decreasing and EGT rising as well as the Auto-Pilot trim moving the control column against the increase in rudder. the Captain returned and we initiated shutdown procedures on the right engine. we declared an emergency and asked for vectors direct to den. all preliminary and final emergency CHKLISTS were completed and we landed at den. maintenance control told us the probable cause was failure of the #3 bearing,Resource Deficiency
148949,AFTER a last minute change of departure runway the Instrument Flight Rules departure procedure was discussed as well as the special engine out procedure for the runway (runway 11). although we all thought we understood this procedure it became obvious during CLBOUT that we were not correct in our understanding. the procedure as printed on the back of the page is rather longitude and confusing. (at least it was to us). in retrospect and after a longitude discussion we now understand the procedure. however; I believe that if the procedure was also published in a pictorial presentation such as a 'Standard Instrument Departure' there would have been no confusion. (not necessary for all airports with Instrument Flight Rules departure procedures but would be good for complicated procedures). this procedure called for 'runway 11 climbing right turn to heading 220 degree; intercept MSO VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range right-152 to 7800'; then climbing left turn to 9000' via MSO right-152 inbound to MSO VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; continue to cross VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at or above Minimum Enroute Altitude or Minimum Crossing Altitude for route of flight.' if a pictorial presentation for these procedures is not practical confusion possibly would have been avoided if after the climbing right turn to 220 degree the procedure stated to intercept the MSO VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range right-152 OUTBND and then continued as published,Other
149353,WHILE climbing through FL250 to FL270 (with pilot discretion to FL240) cabin started climbing. began DSNT to FL240 and requested and received clearance to 10000'. could not control cabin with abnormal procedures. cabin went to 10000'. horn sounded and cabin began to descend immediately below 10000' as we were leveling off at 10000'. no emergency was declared nor was priority treatment requested. masks were not needed and did not drop. post-flight inspection revealed that some insulation had come loose and was keeping outflow valve from closing. supplemental information from ACN 148138: while we were descending and working the problem a Fahrenheit/a came to the cockpit and saw that we were wearing our O2 masks and she became overly concerned and went to the back and got an O2. the Captain made a passenger announcement about the problem and that everything was ok,Resource Deficiency
149800,SMA x practicing Nondirectional Radio Beacon approach in Visual Flight Rules conditions. Letter Of Agreement states call inbound to Visual Flight Rules tower. thought radar controller had aircraft on full procedure turn. SMA x went straight in. tower called. I asked them to turn aircraft W and contact approach. aircraft elected to depart Visual Flight Rules eastbound,Other
149918,WHILE conducting Instrument Landing System approach to runway 25L with side-step to runway 25R and on the g/S; approximately 8-9 mile out on localizer and on g/S. prior to seeing the runway and prior to commencing side-step maneuver; my aircraft was forced off of the localizer to the right to avoid hitting an SMT which suddenly appeared in my left forward WINDSCREEN at my 9:30-10 O'clock position in a left turn; belly up to me and closing. he was turning a longitude final approach to my runway and apparently never saw me. he was cleared to follow me; but apparently he was looking at another aircraft when he called a visibility on us. he never did get behind me and had I not deviated off localizer to my right; I would have hit him. my copilot saved the day by spotting him first. we were on an Instrument Landing System approach. he was conducting a visibility to follow us. he crowded me off the localizer! we were complying with all altitude and speed restrictions as depicted and requested. he appeared out of nowhere W/O warning by approach control who was supposedly monitoring the whole mess. approach never warned me at all! I then slowed up; broke right and flew a visibility to 25R while he flew one to 25L. I had them at my 9:30-10 O'clock all the way to t/D. since I was able to keep him in sight from that point on; I continued my approach and landing with 1 eye on him all the time. the SMT pilot was at fault for not following me as instructed; and Air Traffic Control approach for not warning me of his approach to me--as I was still on an Instrument Landing System approach and HADN't called the field in sight. my Fahrenheit/O saved the day by doing an excellent job of clearing the area,Proficiency;Unexpected
150266,I was on a Visual Flight Rules flight from bakersfield; CA; to monterey; CA. I had flown NW from bakersfield to EHF VOR and TACAN (Co-Located) and proceeded westbound on V248 in a cruise climb to 6500'. during the cruise climb phase of around 4500'; I made a shallow bank to the left to demonstrate the effect of the controls to a passenger. when I did so; I saw another SMA slightly above and to my right going in the opposite direction in what appeared to be a shallow DSNT. until I made the shallow turn to the left; my view of the other aircraft was observed; at least partially; by an aluminum fixture; glued to the windshield; which holds the magnetic compass and thermometer. no evasive maneuver was taken by the SMA and I don't think he ever saw me. this event could have been avoided if I had been making shallow turns all during the climb phase. I was a little lax in this because this was the last leg of a longitude x-country and emotionally; I felt I was 'practically home'. the aircraft that I was flying had very good visibility which I had been taking for granted. however; it does have this one blind spot where the compass/thermometer mounts; and the other SMA was in it. it would be helpful if the fixture were moved or made smaller. failing that; moving the pilots head or the airplane so one piece of airspace ISN't always on the inevitable blind spot; is the only way to avoid this type of event,Attitude;Duty Cycle
150424,REQ Standard Instrument Departure from GRB Flight Service Station. 15 minutes to depart with a 10 minute window (1X:50-1Y:00 Central Daylight Time) clearance from Flight Service Station; void at 1X:50 asked GRB again to obtain 15 minute to depart with 10 minute window. GRB called minute center again and got my clearance and read back clearance 1X:50 plus 10 minute window. took off departed minute center and RPTED Visual Flight Rules. departed at 1X:59. center told me my clearance was voided at 1X:50. I told them CRB gave me 1X:50-1Y:00 clearance from the center for departures at locations W/O a control tower need to be ; 'cleared to depart at (for example) 1X:25; void if not off by 1X:35. that statement is very precise and clear to all involved. minute center seemed to be disturbed even though I was in Visual Flight Rules conditions,Attitude;Resource Deficiency
150786,DEP air carrier x climbing to 170 westbound remaining S of thunderstorm activity. arrival air carrier Y descending W of field to remain W of thunderstorm activity. departure air carrier x climbing poorly was out of 3500'; 8 mile W. arrival air carrier Y descended to 4000' 12 mile W. arrival air carrier Y was turned se bound and descended to 3000'. departure air carrier x was turned NW bound and told to expedite climb through 5000'. traffic was called at 11 O'clock and 3 mile for wake turbulence. departure air carrier x stated it looked like a conflict to him. human performance considerations; weather in area with deviation; now procedures; coasting in Automated Radar Terminal Systems. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information. RPTR stated departure aircraft was MLG; arrival aircraft was WDB. both were ACRS. RPTR stated the departure aircraft was slow turning because of weather. conflict alert activated after the radar vector heading had been issued to the departure aircraft. a system error was filed by the facility management. RPTR was DECERTIFIED RECIEVED remedial TRNING and RECERTIFIED,Physical Environment;Pressure;Resource Deficiency
150959,AFTER t/D on runway 1 at GFL; I applied brakes. on first brake application the left brake stuck causing the aircraft to veer sharply left into the grass on W side of runway 1. aircraft rolled to stop. I taxied to tie down. a and P mechanic inspected plane. found left brake relief valve stuck meaning that after release of brake pedals; left brake remained locked. a and P mechanic also stated that O-ring and master cylinder needed replacement; as did relief valve. I returned to my home airport and landed W/O incident using no brakes. this aircraft is a flight school plane used by many primary students; most of whom I feel would not have been able to recover the aircraft in this instance. the maintenance work is signed off by an a and P but is not routinely performed by Aeronautical Information Manual. perhaps if the a and P had been performing the work himself (the aircraft has recently had the brakes rebuilt) this would have been avoided,Resource Deficiency
151318,TAXIED to gate at pit. this is a self parking gate (line up lights). I parked and then took my flight kit to operations. I was on my way to the hotel when the Fahrenheit/a told me the outgoing Captain would not take the airplane because it had hit a truck. I went back to plane; found maintenance supervisor there. the supervisor said I had done everything right. I was on CTRLINE and on the right stop line for MLG and that maintenance had parked the truck outside the yellow boundary line. there was just some paint on the left engine. this was all I noticed that happened to aircraft,Proficiency
151463,TOO many aircraft at one time all in an arrival mode to different airports in a very crowded area. in addition thunderstorms and a warning area was in use so there was no room to vector aircraft. the aircraft were inbound to tampa and weather RERTES into orlando. there was an overtake in the DSNT and sep was lost,Physical Environment;Taskload
151912,ON downwind for a VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range-g approach to runway 22 at LGA; approach control told us; 'air carrier x; turn left to 300; intercept final approach course and cleared for VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range-g approach to 22.' we started the turn; but it became apparent to us that we were too close in for the approach and that approach control had made a mistake in issuing us this clearance. we rolled out of the turn and tried to verify the clearance with approach control but were unable to get a word in edgewise due to the ridiculously high VOL of radio traffic. finally approach control gave us instructions to turn right to 070 degree and maintain 3000'; and advised us that the previously issued approach clearance was not for us; but was for an air carrier Y flight. approach control made a mistake and used our call sign instead of acy'S and we were unable to verify and correct due to overload on the approach controller. luckily the problem was resolved W/O further incident and no conflict occurred,Communication Environment;Proficiency
152190,THE problem arose when we descended to the wrong altitude. the error was discovered by center when he asked us our altitude; we replied 10000. he said 'you read back 11000'. our altitude reminder was set at 10000 and we were cruising level at 10. center then told us to climb to 11000; which we did. I admitted our mistake and thanked center for discovering it. he replied that someone else discovered it; I assumed it was a supervisor. in any event; I feel the problem was caused when the wrong altitude was placed in the altitude reminder; and went undetected by any crew member. human performance considerations must include for at least me personally; my preoccupation with a concern over my daughter'S health. so much so in fact; that I considered calling in sick for my trip and going to her side. I feel W/O that preoccupation I would have caught the error before it took place. I am grateful that in this particular event; my mistake was only a potential problem and caused no real danger to anyone and that center was alert enough to catch the error and correct it before it caused a problem. callback conversation with reporter revealed the following: Captain RPTR accepts full blame for the altitude deviation. he said that the crews he files with not are not nearly as sharp as the crews that were lost as a result of a strike,Physical Factors;Preoccupation;Proficiency
152302,TWR cleared aircraft for takeoff runway 14 with right turn to 020 degree heading. Pilot Flying initiated turn after takeoff; 'left to 020 degree.' tower immediately advised 'right' turn to 020 degree. turn initiated to the right. all turns made within 2 mile of runway while assigned to tower frequency. heavy thunderstorms in the area and attention to aircraft weather radar caused the Pilot Flying to turn nearest direction to 020 degree. he DIDN't hear the 'right' turn to 020 degree. third day of a 3 day trip for an MLG 2-Mach Number crew. schedule routinely includes afternoon commencement of duty and does not terminate until after midnight. W coast crew--2 hour time difference. fatigue may have also been a contributor. supplemental information from ACN 152300: in aviation and commercial air carrier operation we try to do things in as expeditious way possible. the left turn was the shortest direction and seemed natural. both of us missed the direction (if given as a right turn) and looked in on the heading 020 degree. if something out of the norm is given; extra emphasis must be given to ensure communication is made; not that it is just XMITTED. 'right turn heading 020 degree; right turn.,Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Preoccupation
152901,ENRTE from dayton; oh; to 'oshkosh'; WI contacted 'chicago' center at 'knox' VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range for traffic advisories and handoff to chicago approach to keep from having problems with the Terminal Control Area. center turned me over to approach control 12 mile E of meigs airport at XX:00Z; approach gave me a transponder code; and then told me that I was inside the Terminal Control Area. I told the controller that I thought that center had handed me off to approach. the controller then requested that I climb to 7500' Mean Sea Level to leave the Terminal Control Area. I climbed to 8500' Mean Sea Level at this time. I could not believe that center and approach had not informed me that Visual Flight Rules'S were not being handled in the Terminal Control Area. I simply wanted radar service in order to avoid problems with the Terminal Control Area. it seemed to me that the controllers; rather than trying to help; treated me as an adversary. I would suggest that the controllers handoff traffic in enough time to establish airspace clearance with the next sector and try to be helpful when it comes to airspace limits. I believe that the controllers were playing a game with me,Attitude
154424,ATLANTA tower will clear us to 4000' on departure and give us our first turn and always immediately hand us off to departure control; who will always clear us to 10000' (usually longitude before we get to 4000' Mean Sea Level). what happened: on departure ATL tower gave us our first turn and that was all. the Captain and myself were so conditioned to the continual CLBOUT of ATL that we continued through 4000' to 4800' before I discovered it and called tower for a handoff while the Captain stopped the climb and began a DSNT back to 4000' Mean Sea Level. this was the second day of a three day trip and the Captain and myself had a short night before (minute legal rest). the nature of our business (scheduled) often means rushing through the day. with turn around times on the ground of ten as short as 10-15 minutes. this was one of those days. one major issue I would like to see studied in much depth is that of crew rest. I freely admit that often I feel exhausted after and during my trips. this condition often accounts for mistakes and oversights not related to the safety of the flight. however; I've got to to consider the possibility that the chances go up for making such a mistake that does effect the safety of the flight in that condition. consider the minimum 8 hour rest. off duty at XA:00 pm. hotel van shows at XA:15 pm. arrive at hotel at XA:30 pm. in bed by XB:00 pm. wake up call XG:45 am. leave hotel XH:45 am. show ST:00 am. net 5 3/4 hours sleep. get real guys! the Federal Aviation Regulations allow this but nobody seems to acknowledge that it'S unreasonable. not the feds; not the company and even many pilots have just given up complaining. why,Duty Cycle;Physical Factors;Pressure;Proficiency
154800,THE copilot has 5 YRS experience in his seat. the so is a retired air force pilot with about 2 YRS in his seat. this was the third day and 6TH leg of a 3 day trip. an observer of the first 2 days would have said we were a well oiled crew. our airline does a good job of training in and stressing Standard Operating Procedure'S; which we followed. crew interaction and application clear principles were quintessential. the so'S attention to detail and performance were as good and as professional as I have seen; easily in the top 10; looking back on 24 YRS with the airline. planned takeoff runway was 15; flaps 5; normal (reduced) EPR. ground control assigned runway 21. I checked the airport diagram; saw that 21 was 7000 and questioned the flap/EPR settings. the so after checking the gross weight/flap/EPR computer printout; said that we were ok. the problem became apparent during takeoff roll; due to the runway used. although we were airborne with room to spare; if an engine had failed just prior to V1; there would have been no stopping on the runway. I should have followed up on my instincts and checked the printout myself when I saw that runway 21 was only 7000' however; I did observe a downhill gradient and accepted the so'S assurance. it is not my intention to cast blame on the so. he does an outstanding job. this was CLRLY a crew error; and in my opinion; entirely attributable to fatigue. day 1 of this trip requires a XZ:00 (body clock time) get up; day 2 XY:30 get up and day 3 a XX:15 get up. this was our second leg of day 3; scheduled for 2 hours; with a 4 hour leg to follow. there were other mistakes made during that 6 hours of flying; missed frequencies; misread radials; miscalculations of required DSNT distances; and a sloppy Instrument Landing System approach. nothing that caused any conflict; or impinged significantly on safety; but would certainly be looked at as poor AIRMANSHIP. the 6 hours of flying; were all Visual Meteorological Conditions and we were never loaded up. if a category ii approach had been required; I'Mach Number not sure I would have attempted it. the problems cited by a senior fatigue researcher National Aeronautics and Space Administration ames research center were certainly apparent in myself and my crew. 3 air carrier pilots were just found guilty of being impaired by alcohol. according to DR xxx'S studies; my crew and I; due to fatigue; were more impaired then those air carrier pilots. I have flown international trips with crews that would have made mine look super alert. the airline companies refuse to address this problem. where fatigue may well have been a factor in an accident; it has always been discounted by the airline; the National Transportation Safety Board; and the Federal Aviation Administration. if my plane had ended up a smoking heap off the end of runway 21; it would have been written off as 100% pilot error; and once again the fatigue factor would have been ignored. I believe it was an air force study that showed that pilots on the back side of the clock were 60% effective. another study showed that pilots who were legally drunk were 75% effective. we have just witnessed the uproar caused by drinking pilots; yet hundreds of FLTS operate nightly (BCT); where the crews are in worse shape; and nobody; not even authorities aware of the problem do anything about it. I am not suggesting that we stop night operations; but scheduling crews as we were scheduled; is irresponsible. our body clocks are on W coast time. our airline has crews based on the E coast that could have flown those early morning departures. just as W coast crews could fly late night W coast departures. that ISN't a factor in building schedules; minimizing crew cost is. it will take National Aeronautics and Space Administration; the National Transportation Safety Board; and the Federal Aviation Administration; to build rules that prohibit the type of scheduling that puts crews on FLTS that are more impaired then if they were legally drunk. my submission of this report is not prompted by the fear of Federal Aviation Administration sanctions; no one knows of this occurrence but the crew. I could have just forgotten about; as I am sure many other crews have. but the potential for disaster here is extreme. I suggest that National Aeronautics and Space Administration actively seek input from airline crews; domestic and international; concerning any occurrences which the crew attributes to fatigue; and 'back side of the clock' scheduling. callback conversation with reporter revealed the following: RPTR described his schedule during this flight and pointed out how it contributed to his crew'S fatigue. he pointed out just how the so entered the takeoff data message wrong and missed the fact that a 5 degree takeoff is not permitted on runway 21. he said that; since this incident; he always checks the runway takeoff data himself,Attitude;Duty Cycle;Physical Factors;Proficiency
155192,ENRTE from painesville; oh to fayetteville; NC we were NE of the RDU area descending from 11500' Mean Sea Level to 2500' Mean Sea Level. we were maintaining Visual Flight Rules and navigating around locally scattered thunderstorms. visibility was 3 1/2-4 mile haze. one of our Visual Flight Rules CHKPOINTS was the 2000' high TV/radio towers located on a 130 degree right 17 Nautical Mile from the RDU VOR and TACAN (Co-Located). we picked up the high intensity light about 4 mile NE of the towers. as we approached and in planning our flight to CIRCUMNAV the towers by at least 2000' to the E; we discovered that only the W tower had an operational high intensity light causing us to turn the aircraft E abruptly. in the interest of flight safety; I feel that both towers should have high intensity lights or a notice to airmen should indicate which tower does have a high intensity light. this information should also be depicted in the charts,Physical Environment
155354,DSNDING into the bos area with a clearance to expect to cross lobby intersection 20 Nautical Mile E of gardner at 230 Knot at 8000'. the clearance was received and DSNT began to comply with the restriction. during the DSNT we were unable to comply with the crossing altitude. we attempted to call ZBW to notify them of our inability to comply. the frequency was overrun with voice communications to another facility (unknown). we were unable to contact ZBW. I have had this problem before in the same area. it appears to be frequency override to another air traffic facility,Communication Environment
155676,ENRTE with a SPI on a dual x-country we contacted GRIFFISS approach for stage 4 services through the utica Terminal Radar Service Area and were told to maintain at or above 2500' because of traffic beneath us. (I believe it was heavy jet traffic from and to GRIFFISS Air Force Base). approach also gave us a vector which the SPI acknowledged. this altitude and heading was eventually going to lead us into the clouds (a thick scattered layer). I asked the student what she was going to do to correct this problem and she replied 'nothing; they told us to maintain 2500' and this heading.' I told her she could not fly into the clouds and had to maintain Visual Flight Rules minimums and we did not have the capability to climb above them in time. I could get her to change altitude or heading; even after I told her to call approach and advise them that we needed to descend. I took control of the aircraft and attempted to contact GRIFFISS approach twice before I remembered that the copilot push to talk was inoperative. I tried to contact them with the hand-held microphone but was unable. not wanting to enter Instrument Meteorological Conditions or break Visual Flight Rules minimums with the SPI I began a DSNT and descended to 2100' to maintain Visual Flight Rules. GRIFFISS then called us and asked us what altitude we were at. I told them we had to descend to 2100' to maintain Visual Flight Rules and were unable to contact them. in my attempt to help foster the good judgement and decision making skills of my student; I let the situation deteriorate to a point where I had to act and could not act in time; showing poor judgement on my part. I should also have remembered that the push-to-talk was inoperative because it had been written up 2 days earlier. although it was Visual Meteorological Conditions; the visibility was decreasing and it is questionable whether we could have maintained a safe sep with high speed; heavy aircraft going into GRIFFISS Air Force Base; and I believe that was the reason for the altitude restriction to begin with,Physical Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
155777,SAN departure called NBDN traffic at 4500' unverified. controller stated he received only 1 mode Celsius return. we were rolling out on heading 060 degree when Fahrenheit/O spotted traffic at 3 O'clock at our altitude. appeared to be single engine SMA tail DRAGGER. no evasive action required due to our forward speed. also; not enough time,Other
156082,WHILE being vectored to the gary; in airport at 3000' Mean Sea Level; ord approach cleared us direct to the heights VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at 2300' Mean Sea Level and cleared us for the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range Distance Measuring Equipment runway 2 approach to gary and instructed us to report GLINK (Final Approach Fix) to gary tower. I responded with the approach clearance READBACK and RPTED out of 3000 for 2300'. crossing the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range I made the appropriate turn OUTBND to execute the full procedure since course reversal is required unless you are cleared for a straight in approach. at this time Air Traffic Control (ord approach control) questioned my intentions. my reply was that I was OUTBND doing the full procedure since we were not cleared for a straight in approach. Air Traffic Control informed me that he in fact had cleared me for a straight in approach and that I should inform them if I wanted to do other than what I was instructed to do. there was never a conflict with other traffic during this approach. I can truthfully say that I did not hear Air Traffic Control say that I was cleared for the straight in VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range Distance Measuring Equipment runway 2 approach to gary; in or I would not have initiated the full procedure. my solution is; in the future; not only to read back the clearance; but also document it on paper,Communication Environment
156185,DSNDING into BWI Air Route Traffic Control Center handed aircraft off to BWI. during this transition a cup of coffee was inadvertently spilled of the communication console; causing a total loss of communication after repeated efforts to restore radio contact; the Captain selected 7600 on the operating transponder and remained on the assigned routing following published lost communication procedures communication was briefly restored and approach and landing CLRNCS were issued. after landing; communication was lost until reaching the parking area,Communication Environment;Other
156518,AFTER being cleared for Instrument Landing System 10 approach at 1050' tower asked if we had the airport in sight. we RPTED runway 10 in sight and were told to circle to 28. tower controller then cleared a single engine SMA to land runway 28. he was on a 1/2 mile final. at 1050' we were below legal circling minimums. at 1050' our aircraft CONFIGN is for landing; not circling. at an airport with an operating control tower; 2 aircraft are on final for opposite ends of the same runway. we were then told traffic was RPTED 4 mile S of the airport. upon landing for the traffic; we saw him turning left downwind for 28 less than 1 mile from our position. all of these items are; in my opinion; unsafe at best. the very nature of LAF is that many student pilots are operating in the area; making uneducated guesses about their position. a non-radar approach control simply cannot provide the services that a part 121 air carrier needs to operate safely. get a radar approach facility in LAF and in the waiting period. why can't ZID provide radar service,Proficiency
156605,ON final approach for Instrument Landing System 29 at CAE; Captain deviated to left on approach course and descended to approximately 1200' with field in sight. we had been told to expect Instrument Landing System runway 11 (mistakenly; as Automatic Terminal Information Service RPTED Instrument Landing System 29). this caused some cockpit confusion. Captain briefed approach for runway 29 and we were set up and cleared for same. however during vectoring and DSNT Captain dialed in 110 in his course window and I DIDN't catch it. this caused the deviation to left of course on final. during deviation Captain realized he had wrong course dialed in; changed it to 290 and recovered. rest of approach and landing were uneventful. (we had the g/S CTRED but because of deviation from approach course tower said his alarm went off). corrective action: set up for approach as early as possible and each pilot double check Flight Management Computer set up,Other;Proficiency
156957,FLT was cleared as filed: direct college station; direct navasota; STRUK 6 arrival; houston hobby airport. a revised clearance was issued by zhu with the aircraft 30-40 mile n of college station. the clearance was: direct college station to intercept the hobby 307 degree right to hobby. center then cleared our flight to cross 45 mile from hobby at 10000'. we descended to 10000' prior to 45 mile from hobby on the 307 degree right and maintained about 315 Knots. then we were handed off to houston approach at about the hobby 307R/35. approach issued a DSNT from 10000 to 6000'. we started slowing to 250 Knots for our DSNT. approach requested that we expedite the DSNT and we responded that as soon as we slowed to 250 Knots we would comply. approach told us that we should have been at 250 Knots at the MARIT intersection which is on the STRUK 6 arrival. we replied that we had not been issued a speed restriction and were not flying the STRUK 6 arrival due to navasota VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range being off the air. apparently either the approach controller had no knowledge of our revised clearance and navasota VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range being inoperative of zhu erred in not issuing a speed restriction of 250 Knots. supplemental information from ACN 156859: the approach controller continued to complain about our speed and the 250 Knot restriction at MARIT. we explained our clearance to him 2 more times to no avail. apparently the approach controller could only see our ground track as being that of the STRUK 6 arrival and had no knowledge of our clearance from center or of the navasota VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range being off the air. this Light Emitting Diode him to conclude that we had not met the MARIT 250 Knots restriction,Pressure;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
157462,PREFLT showed nothing abnormal. after 1 touch and go attempted stop and go. left brake failed on first application. as I nearly lost directional control; I tried to brake harder; resulting in more loss of control. by releasing all braking and applying left rudder; narrowly avoided simultaneous ground loop and collision with runway lights. still at nearly takeoff speed; I applied full power and took off. requested full stop clearance and advised of situation. approached at best glide and landed as slow as possible; as near the beginning of runway as possible. rolled out; taxied in and parked W/O incident and W/O a left brake. plane is a SMA. the plate which the brake pads strike had broken off its mount. the brake assembly itself functioned perfectly; but that plate broke off so there was nothing for the brake to grab. this mechanical failure was undoubtedly due to mental fatigue from a lifetime as a trainer and at least 2 YRS in inclement weather. at that moment I doubted my ability to safely stop on remaining runway W/O use of brakes; but had no doubts of the aircraft'S CTLABILITY in flight. this it seemed safer to go around again and plan for a no brake ROLLOUT. I do not know if I have accidentally violated a regulation or not. I know of no way to prevent recurrence. I do feel every student should be told of this possibility. I also wish there could be a recommended procedure,Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
158069,WE were on the last leg of 5; the last day of a 4 day schedule. this schedule is technically legal but has been RPTED as unsafe due to: legal 12 hour (block to block) layover day 3 that actually nets 4-5 hours of sleep due to planes; trains; trucks; inconsiderate guests; etc; 14 hour duty day with 5 legs in 4 aircraft with 5 sets of cabin crew; fatigue factors of changing aircraft 4 times; in and out at opposite ends of terminals; changing cabin crew every leg; being jerked around by Air Traffic Control games; mechanic problems and terminal weather vary and can add up to a condition of subtle INCAPACITATION. we can handle a day like this on the 1ST day of 4 due to being well rested from home. the Federal Aviation Administration is in bed with management; so our recourse is to refuse to continue when fatigue is felt or suspected. in our case we were not as sharp as usual. the ELMAA Standard Instrument Departure calls for intercepting the YYJ 157R from the sea 227R. I was on a 250 degree heading and about 2 dots from intercepting the 227R when my Fahrenheit/O said we were almost on the 157R to which I replied 'we sure got there quick'. my remark did not register on either of us; otherwise I would have looked at my Distance Measuring Equipment and saw 20 instead of 50 and my Fahrenheit/O would have seen that his VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range frequency was on 115.9 YVR instead of 113.7 YYJ. we had just done a YVR turn which probably contributed to selecting 115.9. I started my turn to intercept the radial. after about 60 degree of turn; the center told us we were turning 20 mile too soon and to turn back to intercept the sea 227R. flying the YVR 157R could conflict with INBNDS on the malay 1 Standard Terminal Arrival Route. the YVR frequency is not on the Standard Instrument Departure; but I suspect that subtle fatigue caused my Fahrenheit/O to look at YYJ 113.8 and subconsciously tune 115.9. callback conversation with reporter revealed the following: RPTR participated in the BOEING study. general discussion of the poor practice in making up schedules. feels the longest duty day should be when a flight crew begins the sequence and not after 4 or 5 days of flying with minimum layovers at airport motels. supplemental information from ACN 158066. Captain'S failure to XCHK his Distance Measuring Equipment on sea VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range when I called course 'olive' on my receiver before turning S. also; we normally receive vectors to join airway at this location,Attitude;Duty Cycle;Physical Factors
158481,CLRED for visibility to runway 24R at lax. thought I had the 24'S in sight but evidently was the 25'S. inadvertently began to line up with the 25'S but caught mistake and corrected immediately. landed W/O incident. should have positively IDENTED the 24'S in my mind. it was hazy,Proficiency
158987,A small electrical fire occurred immediately after takeoff during a demonstration flight in an SMA. we landed straight ahead on the departure runway and managed to get the aircraft stopped on the runway; and immediately EVACKED the aircraft after shutting down the engine. an emergency was declared and the equipment was requested just prior to t/D. there were no injuries or damage to the aircraft other than minor electrical combustion. we had just rotated and were approximately 50-100' above ground level when dense smoke began to enter the cabin from gaps between the avionics stack and the panel. the smell was clearly that of an electrical fire. the (Certified Flight Instructor) Pilot In Command elected to immediately reduce power; extend full flaps and land straight ahead. we were able to get the aircraft stopped 20' from the departure end of the runway by the use of very heavy braking. the engine was shut off and the 2 passenger were immediately EVACKED upon instruction from the Pilot In Command. the Pilot In Command remained in the aircraft for a short time to retrieve the fire extinguisher and locate the fire. the smoke had already stopped appearing; possibly because electrical power had been removed when the master was switched off,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
159014,(note: this was not an accident or incident as defined in Federal Aviation Regulation 830 in that the only damage to the SMA was included under the damage listed as not being substantial damage in part 830; I.E.; ground damage to propeller; ground off entry step and blade antenna on belly; scraped fairing panels on belly; scraped nose wheel doors. no structural damage requiring major repairs.) I took off in the aircraft to check radios; Distance Measuring Equipment; etc before selling it. a buyer was arriving within a short time of takeoff. I hurried through the radio checks; engine Inertial Navigation System and flight Inertial Navigation System checks and returned to land. I scanned the parking lot before the office for newly arrived cars; saw one and assumed it was the prospect. I rehearsed what I would tell him about price and my reasoning. I made a normal approach; full flaps; and landed on the CENTERLINE; gear up. I had not flown for a YR; having decided to quit flying and sell my aircraft. I was distracted; out of currency (I was alone in the aircraft); and despite about 700 hours in this aircraft W/O incident; forgot to put the gear down. lesson: if not current and after a longitude layoff; get a check ride with a Certified Flight Instructor,Preoccupation;Pressure;Proficiency;Taskload
159456,AFTER waiting better than 1 hour for the cargo to arrive (late due to weather); then loading the aircraft the visibility certainly looked better than 1 mile. however; after the start; Automatic Terminal Information Service was tuned in and it was discovered that only 3/4 mile was the tower visibility. since I could see the trees at the Federal Aviation Regulation end of the runway I surmised ground level visibility must be better than tower visibility. rather than get into an argument with the tower; I said I could depart with 3/4 mile visibility. in fact I had been trained in different and similar aircraft for reduced visibility takeoffs. I was certain it could be done safely; and it was. however; it was in violation of the company operations manual since we are limited to 1 mile standard. the company would like to have reduced visibility takeoff included in the operations manual; but the local Flight Standards District Office says when we take a flight check in this maneuver we must also take a 6 month rid; turning a 30 sec evolution into an hour or better operation; consuming large amounts of precious fuel and engine time unnecessarily. I'Mach Number sure that this was factor in my decision to go and it seems a small matter to check a pilot on reduced visibility alone. alas; not the case. opinion; for free: 99% of all pilots could easily make a reduced visibility takeoff no sweat. in fact; 135 operators train using 0 visibility,Physical Environment
159475,WE requested to climb from FL270 to FL290. we heard clearance to FL290 and read it back to center; and started to climb. at FL273 the controller said 'air carrier x maintain FL270.' we quickly descended to FL270. he also said we had traffic 12 O'clock; 5 mile at FL280. I tried to inquire about the situation but controller was too busy to get back to us and soon thereafter handed us to another controller. after landing in baltimore; I called the ATL center supervisor and he said we answered a clearance for another company flight with similar call sign who had requested clearance to FL290. controller did not catch my call sign (apparently) on my READBACK. the other company flight told controller he thought someone else answered the clearance to FL290. we did not recall hearing the other company flight say this. this seems to be the time when the controller told us to descend back to FL270. the radio traffic was extremely heavy at this time; also there possibly could have been precipitation static on our radios which might have Light Emitting Diode us to think the clearance to climb was for us,Other
159869,WE were level at 4000'; assigned heading 330 degree by coast departure. a single engine aircraft (SMA) crossed directly in front of us at our altitude. Fahrenheit/O saw aircraft first; as it appeared from behind my windshield post I saw it within a fraction of a second after him and turned left quickly to avoid. there was no warning from Air Traffic Control whatsoever. due to congestion on the frequency; we were unable to question the controller about the target; whether it was on his screen. the aircraft we almost hit looked brand new; so I would be surprised if it DIDN't have a transponder. we have had a # of cases lately where there was close traffic not called by Air Traffic Control,Communication Environment;Unexpected
160309,ON takeoff we had a tail compartment high temperature light. we went through the procedure to no avail. we requested to return to STL and received priority handling for landing. on approach the flight service manager RPTED smoke in aft left lav. we had already requested ground equipment. then on tower frequency a voice (a pilot waiting for takeoff) advised that the left engine was smoking a great deal and recommended an evacuate/evacuation on runway. about 700' above ground a left REVERSER low accumulator light came on. we EVACKED passenger on runway. it turned out to be a clamp had separated between a high pressure augmentation valve and the fuselage. chafing of left gen feeder cables created a hole in the hydraulic line. I felt fortunate that a fellow pilot mentioned the smoke and gave his opinion. the tower people did not mention smoke. my concern is that perhaps they assumed we knew of smoke because of our request for priority landing and ground equipment. this additional important bit of information added immensely to the other facts we were confronted with at the time. my suggestion is to encourage observers to report what they observe. with all the legal ramifications of sticking one'S nose in; I can understand silence. and perhaps there is even a policy to do the job but don't offer suggestions or information beyond what is asked about in order to avoid complications. in this case; the pilot who did speak up contacted us later and recounted for us what he saw; and he filed a debrief for us. in summary; don't assume a pilot in a smoking plane knows he is in a smoking plane. the old assume proverb surfaced again,Resource Deficiency
160688,WHEN on an Instrument Flight Rules TRNING flight plan approximately 2 hours earlier; ZSE notified me that Air Traffic Control was not receiving the transponder. at that time I cancelled the Instrument Flight Rules flight plan and did some practice Instrument Flight Rules maneuvers. all of this was done with a safety pilot. at the time the Instrument Flight Rules flight plan was closed; I was outside of the 30 mile limit where XPONDERS were required. after finishing the Instrument Flight Rules maneuvers; I monitored Automatic Terminal Information Service and RPTED to pae tower that I had the Automatic Terminal Information Service identify and that my transponder was not operating. I also asked that I have a clearance to land. the tower told me to report at the shoreline (I.E.; 2 mile from the runway). at the shoreline; I RPTED to the tower. the tower cleared me to land following another aircraft. I landed W/O incident. it is unclear what should be done when there is a transponder failure (I.E.; can the tower give a clearance; or does a waiver need to be obtained from another agency?). although a prior pilot RPTED that the transponder was not operating properly; the transponder tested as operative prior to takeoff. also; others flew the aircraft since the deficiency was RPTED W/O complaint. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following: called RPTR to determine his concern and to counsel. he stated he was unsure if he should have landed at an airport outside the 30 mile veil. this is his aircraft which he leases to an Fixed-Base Operator. he has spent quite a bit to put transponder in good condition subsequent to the incident. has had no further problem since,Resource Deficiency
161202,WE approached airport from the W being radar vectored. tower mentioned to report field. we were looking into the sun and RPTED to the tower this condition. we saw the field; entered left downwind and instructed the tower of this position. tower instructed us to report OPS Base Operations Office for 35. we did W/O response from the tower because of his involvement with another aircraft. the other aircraft was then sighted; and made a right 360 degree turn for avoidance. could not go straight because of other runways and military aircraft. no report of another aircraft was mentioned to us. tower was then confused as to which aircraft was which. had to prompt tower for clearance to land. this incident; I feel; is a case of a breakdown in communication and too much concentration with 1 aircraft,Communication Environment;Other;Physical Environment;Preoccupation
161402,WE advised approach that we had a medical emergency on board. received expedited handling by approach for visibility runway 17R. apparently no coordination between approach and tower as tower was not expecting us at handoff. tried to contact tower several times to report position on final but the tower operator was giving crossing instructions nonstop W/O hesitation to several aircraft. 2-3 mile out on final; tower cleared 2 airline jets to cross runway 17R DOWNFIELD at T29/31. jets were halfway across runway when he saw us. at this point we were approximately 500' on final. tower seemed excited and told us to go around; but jets were clear of runway more than 1 1/2 mile away from us. we were at 200'; so we told tower that the runway was clear and we were landing. no comment from tower or ground controller. no traffic conflict occurred,Other;Unexpected
161856,WHILE parking aircraft at gate left wing tip struck fuel truck. CAPTS are instructed to follow all instructions from primary signal man. I had parked at this gate a # of times before. as I taxied in; the wing walker on my left indicated that all was ok. I now directed my attention to the primary guide. this person; being a new employee; was not watching the wing walker; who had now given a stop signal. I continued to move forward as instructed and hit a fuel truck with the left wing. damage was minimal. aircraft has returned to service,Other;Proficiency
162456,TECHNICALLY the SMT might have been airborne by the time I XED the hold line; and so it might not be considered an incursion; but safety wise; I definitely like to be more conservative than that,Unexpected
162471,AS we approached DULLES; we encountered moderate turbulence; so I slowed from normal approach speed to 180 Knots. as the turbulence decreased; Air Traffic Control requested we resume 'best speed'; so I increased AIRSPD to 220 Knots. all this was during DSNT to 5000'. as Air Traffic Control RPTED the traffic we were following; they gave us a turn to a heading toward the airport and a DSNT. as I began the turn and started the DSNT; I looked to the altitude ALERTER; where we set the altitude we're cleared to. it was still set to 5000'. I asked the Captain (Pilot Not Flying; working radios) what altitude we had been cleared to. he said 3000'; asked me if I disagreed; and set it in the ALERTER. I was not sure; but thought that 3000' was the correct altitude; so I continued to descend to 3000'. as we passed through 3600' Air Traffic Control called telling us to maintain 4000'. both the Captain and I thought we were cleared to 3000'; and do not know if we were in error. we both agree that if either thought 3000' was wrong we would have called to confirm. in retrospect; I probably should have told him that I did not know for sure what altitude we had been cleared to rather than 'not disagreeing' with 3000'. this might have made him more suspicious of his understanding; and might have prompted us to call for verification. our increased activity due to the turbulence; request for increased speed; and search for traffic made us more susceptible to error; and should have made us more skeptical of our assumptions,Physical Environment
163951,WHILE cleared to land at S bend on runway 36 the tower instructed to turn W parallel to runway 27 and remain S. I was confused by the instruction and asked to clarify. I then noticed a twin landing on runway 27. in my judgement a right turn was more appropriate so that I could keep the twin in sight. I made a right turn remained S of runway 27 and climbed. this was not a near miss but I suggest that an earlier instruction to 'keep up speed landing traffic on runway 27' or 'be prepared to turn W because of landing traffic on runway 27' would have prevented the confusion. I suppose there must have been earlier talk with the twin on his approach and landing but I HADN't noticed it. it might be a good idea to have standard language approved for warning of crossing traffic when there is the possibility that one won't land as quickly as originally anticipated,Other
164419,THE R37 sector in ZDC was given 5 pit ARRS within approximately 12 mile. these aircraft must all be descended at or below FL290 and spaced 12-15 mile apart. because of the short n/S distance of the sector; 40 mile; and the amount of vectors and speed reductions required to complete this controller workload is increased significantly. keep in mind there were at least 6 other aircraft in the sector at the time. the fourth aircraft in the group of pit (an MLG) ARRS had to be held up high to cross over traffic at FL290. he was then expedited from FL330 to FL290. the received radar sector turned traffic at FL310 heading westbound to accommodate this DSNT. the MLG was turned from 020 degree to 300 degree heading until RPTING level; then turned back on course. the MLG'S late DSNT and turns were accomplished on R37 and R03 sector boundary. although the MLG was flashed in a handoff status to R03 15 mile prior to his boundary; the handoff was not accepted by R03 until the aircraft was in R03'S airspace; thus an airspace violation. I think if flow control would provide en route flow restrictions and space out the pit aircraft prior to the R37 sector. then pilot workload; speed reductions; aircraft vectors; late DSCNTS and controller workload would be decreased. this would also increase safety,Taskload
164477,WHILE landing; at about 15' above ground level over the paved runway; the AIRSPD dropped suddenly; requiring an instantaneous application of power. pilot was sitting in the right seat; and pushed the right hand forward instead of the left. of 800 total hours in single engine land fixed wing aircraft; only about 4 hours were in right seat; so pilot was accustomed to having throttle in right hand. error was realized immediately and corrective action taken; but aircraft landed on NOSEWHEEL; flattening nose tire an buckling firewall of the SMA. no injuries other than pride. due to immediate recognition of error; the airplane was caught on first bounce and flown to altitude and a fresh; stabilized; soft; approach and uneventful landing. there is a slight drop-off of terrain at the approach end of the runway; but no more than at most pennsylvania RPTS. wind was RPTED calm at Automated Weather Observation System 10 mile away; appeared to be the same at the windsock on the field; and there was one other plane in the pattern using the same runway. I do not plan to try any more right seat LNDGS unless my goals change and I decide to become an INSTR,Proficiency
164936,I was conducting a TRNING flight to evaluate a perspective pilot employee and; even though it was a CAVU day; elected to do it Instrument Flight Rules to ensure protection from other traffic arriving and departing from CLE; pit and CAK. traffic was heavy and center assigned us an area to work in and almost immediately put us on vectors. to get some value from the time we were spending in an unproductive manner. I took control of the aircraft to demonstrate landing CONFIGN 'slow flight' and approach to a stall (this I erroneously felt I could do at the assigned 14000'). just as the stick shaker activated; we encountered turbulence; which put us in an immediate stall. a wind dropped abruptly. I decreased the angle of attach added takeoff thrust; leveled the wings. I then realized that we were in danger of going out of our assigned altitude; increased the angle of attack too abruptly and entered an accelerated stall which was violent from the latitude perspective. I had to take very positive action to recover from the one. the pilot being evaluated said that he observed us 400' below assigned altitude. ZOB called at about that time to advise of the altitude deviation and request return to assigned altitude. my lesson from this is that one should never; ever do anything that could result in altitude loss or other deviations W/O having proper buffers of altitude and latitude space. if the unexpected can happen; it will happen. I recognize that I was overconfident of my abilities to deal with the situation. I never expected turbulence of that magnitude and even if the turbulence WEREN't there I used poor judgement. the aircraft we were flying was certified using the 'loss of pitch control' to determine the point of stall. the Federal Aviation Regulation'S allowed the stall warning to activate at the same $ of stall as in the past. what has resulted is the stall warning (stick shaker) is; from a practical point of view; an ENUNICATOR of the wrong stall. this is a terrible situation which may have resulted in a fatal accident several YRS ago. also; this aircraft is known to have nasty stall characteristics in the dirty CONFIGN--it really drops a wind abruptly and virtually uncontrollably. this aircraft needs a 'stick pusher.,Attitude;Physical Environment;Proficiency;Unexpected
164975,IT is a real pleasure to write you about a situation in which the point of interest is in what was right; not wrong. I was Visual Flight Rules (no FP) at 10;5 northbound CAVU and just handed to ABQ center on 132.8 (clines corner sector); RPTED; then as radio traffic gave a break called 'out of 10.5 for 12.5.' reception at the altitude is not the best. center said 'aircraft calling out of .5 something say again.' I repeated. he said 'stop climb; traffic 3 O'clock westbound climbing to 12.5.' I complied. neither I nor my traffic saw each other. no further conflict occurred. I was later 'cleared' to 12.5 W/O incident. this is a good example of the value of being in touch with center even when Visual Flight Rules CAVU. probably nothing would have occurred but how nice not to find out by experience. the controller should be commended for his prompt attention in spite of his not RECEIVEING me loud and clear. we all criticize controllers when we perceive them in error. we should give them an 'atta boy' whenever we perceive them as being as sharp as that chap was. 'atta boy',Other
165703,WE were cruising at 37000' and given a DSNT clearance to 33000'. upon reaching 35300' were given a turn to 300 degree and maintain 37000'. we told the controller we were already at 35000'. we asked if there was a conflict and he said yes. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information. we were switched to ZNY frequency and in approximately 10 secs after checking in at FL370 we understood we were cleared to FL330 to be out of FL350 in 2 minutes. in one minute and on half we were at FL350 and were given a turn to 300 degree and to maintain FL370. after controller acknowledging that there was a conflict the controller said nothing more. we did not know Federal Aviation Administration was following up with a violation until we received written notice,Other
165726,USED AUTOTHROTTLES to set power for the first takeoff of the day. after the throttles checked at the 80 Knot power check; noticed the EPR'S were not matched. all other engine parameters were matched between ENGS. tried to advance #1 EPR; but it would not respond; so aborted the takeoff at approximately 100 Knots and taxied clear of the runway. no engine malfunction was noticed and there were no Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System caution of advisory lights. performed an engine RUNUP. determined that with engine anti-ice switches on; EPR on #1 engine was low; but all other indicators were normal. with engine anti-ice switch off all readings; including EPR; were normal. after cycling the engine a/I switches we did a RUNUP and got normal indications on both ENGS. after checking with our maintenance and dispatcher by radio (did not return to gate); we continued the flight we left engine a/I switches on; returned to runway 22 for takeoff. this time; again; the EPR on #1 engine was reading low and all other engine readings were normal. continued the takeoff. in flight; after cycling the engine a/I switches; we again got normal indications at all times. my thoughts: there was nothing wrong with the engine; however something in the Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System computer gave us erroneous readings. I question my decision to depart the airport. I felt the flight was operated safely; but don't know if it was operated legally when I continued the takeoff the second time. a write-up was made to explain the indication discrepancy,Resource Deficiency
166410,CTLR (clearance delivery) issued 'nashville six departure.' commercial chart company departure Standard Instrument Departure (nashville 6) was reviewed by both pilots; however a note in fine print for a special procedure off runway 2R (new runway) was overlooked by both pilots. procedure is fly 'heading 035 degree to intercept the BNA 028 degree radial.' we flew runway heading. controller queried our instructions; and added 'for future reference.' this is the only special procedure for any runway at BNA; and the departure (BNA 6) should 'highlight' this instead of hiding it in the fine print; also; 'vectors' is at the top of the Standard Instrument Departure in bold print. this was interpreted by both pilots as meaning fly runway heading unless told otherwise,Proficiency
167026,THIS was a typical IND-RSW flight. no problems while on radar vector in a DSNT that would put us on a longitude left-hand OPS Base Operations Office to runway 06. we had to take evasive action to miss an SMA at approximately 5500' while descending into a broken deck of clouds (approximately 6000-4000'). unannounced traffic appeared at 12 O'clock and less than 1 mile; climbing up our DSNT path. in my best estimation; we were on a collision course. I immediately; W/O hesitating; instinctively pushed the aircraft down and to the right to avoid impact. the Captain was engaged in a conversation with the ACM on the jump seat. he immediately turned to look at me; then saw the SMA pass by his left window at approximately 300' level. we all sat in quiet for the next few minutes; not being able to speak. the ACM said he did not see the aircraft at all. it was over before it began. approach control called the traffic at 12 O'clock and at our altitude after it had just passed. they called it 1 mile--it was by then 1 mile behind us. the Fahrenheit/a'S wanted to know what had happened. the Captain refused to tell them. I asked if he wanted to report a near miss to Air Traffic Control. he said 'no; too much paperwork.' my conscience will not allow this to go UNRPTED. FMY is an accident waiting to happen,Preoccupation
167676,ALT restriction: approaching ogden VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; we were given a crossing RESTRICION of ogden 25 Nautical Mile/17000'/250 Knots. ogden Distance Measuring Equipment was lost during DSNT and restriction was not made. Air Traffic Control was notified of Distance Measuring Equipment loss and that we were unable to meet the restriction. Instrument Landing System approach salt lake city. Automatic Terminal Information Service Celsius was received stating Instrument Landing System 31L was in use at SLC. Instrument Landing System 34L approach was briefed and cockpit was set up. during this time Distance Measuring Equipment was lost and we were concerned about crossing restriction. after passing ogden; we were given to approach and given a vector to a point not on the approach for 34L. we questioned the fix and were told the runway in use was 16R,Resource Deficiency
168273,I departed 5T6 Visual Flight Rules and while airborne asked for an Instrument Flight Rules clearance which I had filed. I thought I was cleared to my requested cruising altitude of FL210. as I passed 13000' the controller told me that I was cleared to 12000' and that another aircraft was descending to 14000'. I made a very rapid DSNT to 12000',Other
168428,WE arrived in BUF from CYKZ in order to clear U.S. customs before proceeding to BGM. I was acting as sec in command on the aircraft. when we landed at BUF on runway 23 visibility was still better than 3 mile but beginning to deteriorate in fog. as we were taxiing into customs a fog bank began to roll across the NW portion of the airport where the customs ramp is located. when we started up the ENGS on the customs ramp Automatic Terminal Information Service was still calling the Runway Visual Range for runway 23 better than 2400 but visibility was greatly reduced where we were; due to the fog bank. ground control cleared us to runway 14 for takeoff saying that it was closest to us and I acknowledged the clearance. I have only been into BUF twice in the past YR and was unsure of exactly where we were to go but when ground control asked us if we needed 'progressive instructions' the Pilot In Command said no and I told ground control no. the Pilot In Command began to taxi out straight ahead down Q taxiway. he had the airport diagram on his yoke which is a little hard to read from the sic position at night. I was going through the checklist when I noticed that he had started to cross the runway in front of customs. I had assumed that was runway 14 because of the ground controller'S earlier comment. I told the Pilot In Command 'you're going across the runway.' I told him that twice with no response on his part so I assumed that I must have been mistaken about the location of runway 14 and continued with the checklist. we then arrived at a sec runway and the Pilot In Command held short and told me to contact ground control to see if we were cleared to cross runway 23. by that time I had finished with the PRETKOF checklist and was trying to look at the airport diagram on the Pilot In Command'S yoke because I knew we COULDN't be where we were supposed to be. BUF only has 2 runways. we SHOULDN't have had to cross both of them. before calling ground control I told the Pilot In Command that we were supposed to be taking off on runway 14. he said no; we WEREN't; we were cleared to runway 23. I told him to contact ground control and tell them where we were. it was too foggy for Air Traffic Control to see us from the tower. ground control verified that we had been cleared to runway 14. we had XED an active runway in the fog with another aircraft in position holding for takeoff clearance on that runway. in retrospect; the whole incident could have been prevented if I had been more attentive in monitoring the Pilot In Command instead of assuming that he knew what he was doing. this particular Pilot In Command has over 12000 hours and I only have a little over 1350. he'S very good at making you feel inexperienced and 'dumb'. instead of being intimidated by that I should have made sure I knew where we were taxiing to start with instead of relying on the Pilot In Command while I was reading the checklist,Communication Environment;Familiarity;Physical Environment;Pressure
168715,I taxied from company gate at JFK as xxx commuter flight. also taxiing out at this time from our gate via Fahrenheit taxiway was company flight XXY to PHL. ground control instructed me to taxi to runway 31R; 2A intersection via 2A taxiway. I read back the instructions as xxx. shortly thereafter tower told us to taxi into position and hold 31R. once again we answered as xxx. within secs XXY advised JFK tower that he was ready. tower instructed xxx cleared for takeoff runway 31L; traffic 5 mile out. I responded to the tower'S call; telling him that xxx was on and holding runway 31R; intersection 2A. he replied 'ok; just give me a quick turn after departure to 090 degree; cleared for takeoff.' I made him aware of the fact that XXY was company at runway 31L. upon returning to home OPS Base Operations Office I advised/informed company of the similar flight #S departing JFK at the same and the possibility of confusion,Other
168875,I was flying Pilot In Command on our company LTT. shortly after our first call to DET tower the tower controller cleared us to land runway 33. the Automatic Terminal Information Service was calling 9 overcast 3 mile. while on DSNT from 10000' down to 3000' Mean Sea Level we encountered light to moderate rime ice. all anti-ice heat was on the aircraft during the DSNT and just prior to intercepting final approach course I also turned on our windshield alcohol deice to help clear a larger opening to see through. at g/S intercept I called for gear down and final checklist. my copilot completed the checklist called the runway in sight. same time in the next few secs I noticed an unsafe gear indication on the left main landing gear. I did a recycle of the gear and this gave us a safe landing gear indication. I checked brake pressure on the brakes and got a normal feeling. on the LTT this is a method to determine if the landing gear is locked down. we also asked the tower controller if we had our landing light on. tower indicated they only saw one; left side off. landing light on is also an indication that your landing gear is down and safe; however the light not being on may have been burned out. other than the light out all indications were the gear was down and safe. just prior to t/D our left landing gear went unsafe. I executed an immediate go around. I began the go around/missed approach. I made my cockpit calls flaps up/ gear up and the landing gear came back to safe just prior to retract. the controller said fly runway heading; 3000' and contact detroit approach. the next events happened in a very short period of time. my copilot may have read back the tower controller request; I don't know; however during retract the gear and aircraft sounds were normal; prior to flying into the clouds I recycled the landing gear and got an immediate normal safe gear. I also noticed I was 900-1000' above the airport and visibility was good. I leveled the aircraft so as not to go into the clouds and started a left turn back toward the airport (left downwind) told my copilot to tell the tower about the gear problem and we had circling minimums or better and we were returning back to the airport. however; the controller flat refused our request; demanded that we fly the missed approach because she had other traffic on the approach and we would be conflicting traffic. we continued on course to return to the airport. trying to finish checklist and make positive identification that our landing gear was in fact down and safe and what may have caused the problem. the controller by now was very upset and still wanted a missed approach. I picked up the radio microphone; I was downwind at this time; (yes; I was excited with the gear problem; the go around and unable to get our point across to the controller) and told the controller I had circling minimums and was returning to land. I think it is my airspace I'Mach Number not flying the aircraft back into the clouds and I was landing runway 33. now at this point the traffic which was following us on the Instrument Landing System 33 was inside the final approach fix. I had a visibility on him he also had visibility on me; and sep for me was not a problem. however the controller now told the sec aircraft to execute a missed approach; which he did; and cleared me to land also asking if we needed assistance. I TRUELY believed I could deviate from a controller request if for the safety of my aircraft. I also thought that the control zone was my airspace until I gave up the airspace by landing or by leaving the airspace. we had confusion on the flight deck with communication. it was much louder than normal with the power up and the windshield defog on high because of the ice; our crew communication was not what it should have been. I don't believe we got our problem and message over to the tower correctly. it may be we should have declared an emergency and there would be no question as to state of affair. I don't believe the tower controller handled themselves any better! they could see the aircraft made a go around at the last minute from an Instrument Landing System this should be an indication of a problem. the confused communication should have been a good reason to try and help and a controller could have declared an emergency for the aircraft and made the necessary calls to have the other aircraft go around so there would not be any airspace problems,Communication Environment;Other;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
169269,ORIGINAL clearance was to fly to BILEE intersection. Air Traffic Control vectored us off ARWY for traffic. we were then cleared to turn left to a heading of 100 degree and to descend to 15000'; which we read back and accomplished. Captain (Pilot Not Flying) then switched off Air Traffic Control to get Automatic Terminal Information Service and to brief cabin crew on possible turn on the approach. after 4-5 minutes established on the 100 degree heading at 15000'; we were about to pass through the IAH 305 degree right at about 40-45 Nautical Mile. this radial comprises the final portion of the CUGAR 4 arrival. zhu called up and asked if we would be able to make the 305 degree right 035 fix at 10000'; 250 Knots; crossing restriction at HOAGI; which surprised us since we HADN't been cleared to intercept and execute the arrival. we replied that we COULDN't lost 5000' in 5 mile and were subsequently vectored for a right 360 degree descending turn to REINTERCEPT the 305 degree right. controller stated that we had been issued a clearance; subsequent to our first vector; to intercept the Standard Terminal Arrival Route; comply with restrictions; etc. I replied (Pilot Flying) that we HADN't heard or read it back. controller said something like; 'I gave it to you; I guess you missed it.' I guess so. causal factors: controller extremely busy; issuing multiple CLRNCS rapid fire to many aircraft. sizeable percentage of aircraft (major carriers included) were not using their full call signs or reading back CLRNCS fully. controller assumed that we had gotten the clearance. we WEREN't aware enough (Pilot Not Flying our of loop; other duties) to realize that the controller may have set us up for an intercept. we should have questioned him. stress proper radio discipline! call sings in high stress environments,Communication Environment;Taskload;Unexpected
169426,FGT was part of a scheduled mission fertile angle 91-1. while the 24TH NORAD had worked the airspace prior to FGT arrival. when he came the airspace was given as 'fighter control'. a clearance was issued to FGT to delay in fertile angle 91-1 airspace maintain surface FL290. at XX:53; approximately 5 minute after clearance was issued; FGT was observed through FL335 going to FL353 before descending back to FL331. FGT was raised on frequency and RECLRED to surface to FL290. sep was not lost with any other aircraft and the incident was RPTED to supervisor in charge,
169678,NEW Fahrenheit/O and Captain both 1 month out of TRNING on the aircraft. ferry flight PHL to pit. after 45 minutes maintenance delay we arrived at the aircraft. it was parked at the maintenance hangar and was cold. after the PREFLT we started the Auxiliary Power Unit and it automatic shut down. maintenance came out and had to replace a burner section. during the repair I called operations for our weight and balance. 15 minutes later we taxied out and I called again. still was not available. 5 minutes later the Captain elected to take off. we calculated our weight and balance for trim setting and departed over MXE at 10000'. forms called telling us to return to the gate; we needed 80 pounds of ballast in the FWD cargo bin. we had stowed our bags FWD and told the forms agent to show that adjustment. the Captain elected to continue to pit; since we were already airborne. we landed W/O incident. recommendations: we should not have left W/O the weight and balance from forms (operations). 2 pilots new on an aircraft should not fly together for the first 100 hours. if an aircraft needs ballast when empty to be within CG; it should be mentioned in ground school,Proficiency
169821,I was Captain on flight ord to YYZ on 2/TUE/91. landed on runway 24R at YYZ. turned off at Q and was instructed to taxi via n; cross runway 33; right and hold short of taxiway Fahrenheit. at intersection of right and Fahrenheit was instructed by ground control to call apron advisory on 122.07. cleared by apron advisory to taxi to gate clockwise (around terminal). followed marked yellow CENTERLINE. abeam gate 63; apron advisory instructed us to yield to OUTBND. Mountain Daylight Time coming out from gate area 86 on the left. taxied at slow speed and looked for the Mountain Daylight Time. Fahrenheit/O and I were also looking and identifying gate #S on the right. noticed a truck on the left side. thought he was no factor and would keep out of the way. taxied a bit to right of CENTERLINE; focusing my attention on the Mountain Daylight Time and the aircraft parked on my right side. abeam of gate 13 felt a bump and aircraft veered to the left. stopped aircraft and set parking brake. opened Captain'S sliding window and looked aft. saw a sweeper truck under leading edge of left wing tip. damage sustained to #1 slat and PLEXIGLAS housing of wing tip oscillating light. the area of the taxi incident was a controled taxi lane. the sweeper truck apparently had no radio contact with apron control. his maneuvering was restrict by a concrete embankment because of a VEH underpass. if a confined area is used for active taxiing; then vehicular traffic should be kept out or taxiing aircraft advised of activity,Communication Environment;Other
170122,I was asked to act as a safety pilot for a private pilot (instrument rated). we intended on staying Visual Flight Rules but ended up in Instrument Meteorological Conditions. a flight plan had been filed in his name. an Instrument Flight Rules clearance was received from kalamazoo approach. I was current for Instrument Flight Rules at the time the flight took place and I was acting Pilot In Command. he was not current and was sole manipulator of the controls. it is now understood that the flight plan should have been filed in my name,Proficiency
171952,WHILE flying approach controller issued a clearance to descend to 4000'. the Captain repeated the instruction and I began the DSNT to the new altitude. there was another air carrier with the same number also on the approach in front of my aircraft. after descending about 275'; the other aircraft asked for clarification of the clearance and who it was issued to. at that time; he controller issued the clearance to the aircraft with an identical number. I arrested the DSNT at 300' below assigned altitude and immediately returned to assigned altitude. the controller did not question either aircraft about the confusion and I returned my aircraft to the assigned altitude and safety of flight was not affected,Other
172517,DEPARTED airport Visual Flight Rules. while climbing out I asked Captain what the ceiling was. he said it was 800'. I told him that we were in a control zone and were in violation of Federal Aviation Regulation'S. we picked up clearance from ZTL and they asked us what the ceiling was. I will now check the weather myself before every flight,
172974,WHILE in cruise Auto-Pilot engaged we were experiencing light; with occasional moderate turbulence and chop. there were SIGMETS out for this and possibly severe. the aircraft began a slow dutch roll tendency but was hard to figure; at the time; due to the ride we were getting. plus the yaw damper indicator was giving a normal indication (it did this the whole time). the dutch roll began to get much worse so I kicked off the Auto-Pilot to see if it would make a difference. at this time it began to get excessive. I instructed the Fahrenheit/O to request a lower altitude immediately; which he did. the controller instructed us to standby. by this time I had tried disengaging the yaw damper; but I COULDN't tell if it made a difference due to the turbulence. I began a DSNT to a lower altitude for safety while slowing the aircraft; and told my Fahrenheit/O to tell center we were descending to a lower altitude probably around FL200. this I figured would still give them plenty of space to move traffic away from us and if the aircraft still could not be controled we'D continue to a lower altitude. controller finally had given us FL200 and asked the nature of our problem. I responded by telling him of the Auto-Pilot or yaw damper malfunction and about the turbulence. (aircraft limitation for this aircraft is it will not be dispatched into areas of moderate or greater turbulence with yaw damper inoperative). at the lower smoother altitude; I tried to reengage the yaw damper it immediately began yawing the aircraft with increasing intensity until I turned it off at which time it stopped. all this time it gave no abnormal indication on the respective indicator on the instrument panel (no movement). I received no other comments from Air Traffic Control on conflicts or a problem with my DSNT. flight continued uneventfully to destination. wrote it up in maintenance log. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information. this aircraft may be flown to FL240 W/O the yaw damper but in turbulence it is imperative to have the yaw damper operative. yaw damper was definitely inducing roll. maintenance fixed the yaw damper and wrote it off but it again malfunctioned on a later flight. several days later I was assigned to pick up the aircraft in utica; ny; for a ferry to our maintenance OPS Base Operations Office and saw the yaw damper was again inoperative. flew it home W/O the yaw damper. hopefully maintenance now has a fix on the problem,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
173348,ACFT #1; MLG x at FL330; assigned mach .82 plus; approximately heading 350 direct ILM VOR and TACAN (Co-Located). aircraft #2; MLG Y at FL330; assigned mach .80 minus; approximately heading 010 direct ILM VOR and TACAN (Co-Located). know wind component was 290 and 110 Knots. (report approximately 20 minutes old). as ACFTS #1 and #2 progressed toward ILM I turned #2 30 degree right to fall in trail behind #1. this original vector was done approximately when #2 was 25 mile SW of #1. I knew that the sep would probably fall to less than 10 mile so I put the 6 mile sep circle around #2. when the sep fell to approximately 15 mile I turned #2 further right heading 080. as #2 was passing behind #1 and #1'S radar target was approximately 7 plus mile ahead (well outside the 6 mile circle) #1'S radar target jumped inside the circle about 4 mile from #2. the next radar update showed #1 back outside the circle. the next radar update indicated #1 was back inside the circle within 4 mile of #2. at this point I lost all confidence in the radar data heading of 010. I immediately followed this with a clearance for #2 to descend to FL310; followed by 'expedite DSNT.' sep was lost after I resorted to turning #2/330 and #1/010 due to the winds. even though 5 controllers observed the target jumps of #1 in and out of the circle around #2; quality assurance would only honor the data produced for them. this same data indicated that if I had left #2 on the last heading assigned before losing confidence in the radar data and turning #2 W again that the aircraft would have passed with 6 plus mile of sep. in retrospect; I doubt if I would have done anything differently as I shoot for 5 mile; plus one for me and one for the kid. the quality assurance office advises that they are pursuing he erratic data that several of us observed; but I doubt it seriously. this incident occurred at a 'sort box' for jacksonville center'S mosaic radar system. #1 was being tracked by CHS/jedburg site until incident and the jumped to fay/ benson; then back to CHS/then back to fay and continued to do so until both aircraft were being tracked by fay. this is a known problem but this was a severe case and especially when running close sep. supplemental information from ACN 173347. the conflict alert and immediate alert went off again. ZJX climbed MLG Y to FL320 because MLG x also northbound was at FL330 and these two passed within 2 mile at FL330 and FL320. then; ZJX turned both MLG x and MLG a to the W. when they were horizontally separated; ZJX turned them back on course,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
174202,DRAKE 4 departure; PHX Standard Instrument Departure. departed runway 8R. climbed on 070 degree heading. at 4 Distance Measuring Equipment of SRP VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range Standard Instrument Departure depicts aircraft to be at or below 3000'. I called this out to the copilot'S attention; who was flying; as we approached 3000' just outside of 4 Distance Measuring Equipment. at 1 Distance Measuring Equipment; Standard Instrument Departure depicts at 030 degree heading. upon contact with PHX departure control; we were cleared to climb to 15000'. as we passed through the SRP 330 degree right; the copilot initiated a left turn to intercept that radial. at approximately 10200-10500'; departure control questioned our heading. I responded that we were intercepting the 330 degree right. departure control said to turn right to 360 degree heading. contributing factor to this is that our normal departure would be the PAYSO 6 departure Standard Instrument Departure. this is very similar to the drake 4; with the exception that at 1 Distance Measuring Equipment of SRP (VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range); you turn to a heading of 040 degree to intercept the 030 degree right of SRP. the drake 4 is similar; with the exception that at 1 Distance Measuring Equipment of SRP (VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range); turn left to a heading of 030 degree and in small; non-highlighted print in the instructions for the departure it states; 'for vector to salt river 330 degree right report to maier intersection.' I suggest that there be greater emphasis on the pictorial view of the drake 4 departure; along with bold letters emphasizing to not intercept the radial; but to maintain the 030 degree right for vectors,Other;Resource Deficiency
174609,ON approach; flying right downwind for runway 27R in and out of clouds with thunderstorms in area; we were informed by mia approach we would fly the 27R approach. approximately 14 Distance Measuring Equipment from the field; we were turned to OPS Base Operations Office leg and descended to 3000'. we were told now to expect an approach to 27L and we set the Instrument Landing System to 27L. several mile S of 27L CENTERLINE; we were told to head 290 degree and intercept 27L cleared for approach. about 12 mile from the airport we intercepted and followed the 27L course. we broke out into the clear near 11 Distance Measuring Equipment; lined up to 27L. approach called us and asked if we were maintaining a 290 degree heading to intercept 27R! we switched NAVAIDS again to 27R; intercepted Instrument Landing System 27R to a normal approach and landing. there was no conflict of any traffic. this was the second time in 1 1/2 YRS that mia approach control has cleared us to different runways,Physical Environment
174844,WHILE TRNING a developmental on local control; 2 Instrument Flight Rules aircraft called for departure. SMA x was cleared to depart off runway 29 at XX36Z and assigned an initial heading of 250 degree. when SMA x was 2 Nautical Mile from the departure end of runway 29 (as determined by Bright Radar Indicator Tower Equipment CONRAC in the tower Cabin Attendant); SMA Y was issued a 250 degree heading and cleared to depart at XX41Z. (considering that runway 29 is more than 1 Nautical Mile in length; I considered this an application of paragraph 3-104 of 7110.65F.) apparently; SMA Y overtook SMA x after he was switched over to bos approach frequency. when I realized that sep was probably going to decrease to less than 3 Nautical Mile (7110.65F; paragraph 5-72 a.1); I advised bos approach (through my flight data personnel) that he had permission to turn SMA Y as he felt necessary,Proficiency
174993,CLRED for takeoff on runway 17 OWB. the Captain advanced the power levers roughly overlooking the fact that the #2 engine was still on the start lock and the aircraft yawed approximately 45-50 degree right of CENTERLINE. the Captain was hesitant to retard the power levers to flight idle allowing the aircraft to do this. I called out twice that the lock was still engaged. after the power levers were retarded the Captain called for speeds low and he realigned the aircraft on CENTERLINE; asked if takeoff clearance was still good and then proceeded to release the locks on lock engine. called for speeds high and advanced the power levers for takeoff thrust and departed the area. I do believe this would not have happened if the Captain did not advance the power levers so roughly. if they were advanced smoothly; the torque gauges would have showed that the #2 engine was not producing takeoff power,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
175271,WHILE on right downwind to runway 24R at lax approach asked if we had a commuter on OPS Base Operations Office leg for runway 24L in sight. we replied that we had it and the airport in sight. Air Traffic Control then cleared us for the visibility 24R approach and to follow and not pass the commuter for runway 24L. at that time we wrote down the runway (24R) that we were cleared for and dialed and tuned in the localizer runway 24R. as we turned right OPS Base Operations Office for runway 24R approach advised us to follow and not pass the commuter and that we may turn to the left if necessary. as the commuter turned right OPS Base Operations Office to final for runway 24L we also turned right OPS Base Operations Office to final for runway 24R. the commuter appeared to be overshooting runway 24L and was making a steep turn back towards the runway. as he was turning back we were lining up on final for runway 24R. at this time the commuter continued to turn towards us and below and appeared to line up for runway 24R; our runway. at this point I turned to the right and parallel the course for runway 24R; and passed him since he was not flying towards us. at no time did we notice VISLY and backed up by the localizer runway 24R at lax that we overshot final for runway 24R. the commuter advised Air Traffic Control that we had passed him and that we were above and ahead of him against Air Traffic Control clearance. there then seemed to be some confusion on the radio between the commuter and Air Traffic Control as to which runway the commuter and our flight were supposed to be on. we checked our notes to double check that we had been cleared for the visibility runway 24R at lax. as I also slowed my aircraft to minimum approach speed to let the commuter catch up and pass us. once the commuter passed well below and to our left I continued with a normal approach to runway 24R at lax. a key factor to this whole situation were the strong NW winds aloft that blew the commuter across final for runway 24L; and for the commuter'S appeared confusion to which runway he was cleared for. the commuter did do a good job once on final to remain on CTRLINE and no further problems evolved,Other;Physical Environment
175413,AN SMT x at 16000' from ack J62 westbound. SMT x approximately 8 mile from my lateral boundary handed off to next sector. I dropped the data block from my scope. an arriving FGT Y descending to 17000' entered my airspace. I needed to get him below other traffic. not realizing the SMT x was underneath the FGT Y; I descended the FGT Y to 11000' and lost sep. Celsius/a went off. I tried to stop the FGT Y at 17000'; but it was too late,Proficiency
175651,WE changed over to departure control soon after takeoff. we were cleared direct to EBBER; climb to FL320 (cruise altitude I believe). we soon heard departure control talking to another aircraft that was inbound to ogg (at this point I do not believe we had changed over to center). my aircraft is equipped with Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II; soon I saw a blip at 12 O'clock on my 10 mile radar scope; closing and descending. we were in the clouds. at about 7 mile; we were given a right 20 degree turn which we immediately took. traffic was now displaced to 11 O'clock position; still closing and descending. shortly thereafter; we were given a traffic alert; 'traffic; traffic.' we did not get a resolution advisory. traffic passed us at 9 O'clock; 2 mile (my scope has a range ring at 2 mile on the 5 mile scope). at no time were we given any traffic information by the controller. this is just too close for 'two WIDEBODY aircraft' to get to each other on reciprocal headings; and under radar control and are being provided radar sep. the controller should have gotten a traffic conflict on his scope which he supposedly has to respond to in writing. we had an Federal Aviation Administration controller on the JUMPSEAT on this flight. he had wanted to see the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II system in operation; but he commented that he certainly did not want to see the system demonstrated in such a vivid and realist manner. this flight'S conflict proved to me that the system and its controller do screw up. we can now watch them do it,Resource Deficiency
175762,ACFT dispatcher received message via high frequency and PLANELINE. message that the Captain had requested a route other than what had been filed with Air Traffic Control. when the dispatcher checked new route to see if it had been analyzed for DEPRESSURIZATION/emergency diversion the dispatcher found it was not. the dispatcher had the flight SELCALED to let the crew know and to instruct them not to go on that ARWY and also to call dispatch upon arrival in mia. an acknowledgement was received . the Captain call as instructed and questioned why he was not to fly that route. dispatch once again informed him about the emergency diversion RTINGS. the Captain said he was flown that ARWY in an LGT and did not understand why he could not in a WDB dispatch informed him that the two aircraft were different in some respects that liquid affect the requirements needed for the emergency RTES. dispatch also informed the Captain that this was the reason we would not accept RERTES over the south american continent. the Captain informed dispatch that he was unaware of this and request more information. in conclusion; it would seem more TRNING and that flight crews and dispatchers should be put into the same classes,Proficiency
176037,AROUND XX:30 local; I was PLTING a 4 place high-winged aircraft with 3 light passenger aboard around the hollywood/downtown area. the temperature was cool and the air was still with visibility of at least 25 mile. the purpose of the flight was to enjoy a nighttime view of the city. initially; my altitude was 2000' Mean Sea Level or less; with lax 046 degree radial tuned in my VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range with a 'from' indication; as to not violate the lax Terminal Control Area. after overlying the coliseum and circling downtown; I headed toward hollywood. there; I began circling a few landmarks; and dropped a considerable amount of altitude. using poor judgement; I continued to fly at this altitude (1000' Mean Sea Level or less) over a congested area because the view was so much better. at this time; I saw a police helicopter and climbed immediately. I continued my flight over the ocean toward malibu; again flying low; but this time I was over the water and within legal limits. I returned to SMO; climbed to 1500' Mean Sea Level and called my downwind; OPS Base Operations Office and final; on Common Traffic Advisory Frequency 120.1. upon landing and taxiing to the tie-down; a LAPD helicopter called on the frequency for me to shut down. 2 helicopter'S landed while another circled above. the officers notified me that they received a complaint from a resident about a low-flying aircraft. they also explained the safety hazards of low flight; especially at night. although I had no intentions of jeopardizing the safety of my passenger or persons on the ground; by my actions; I was doing so. as Pilot In Command; I am 100% responsible for this flight and the event(S); and will accept fully whatever the outcome may be. I am a low time pilot (55 hours) and have had my certificate 1 week. I have learned a valuable lesson re: the safe operation of an aircraft and will establish good habits from now on; instead of bad ones; had this even gone UNCHKED. also; I wish to absolve my flight INSTR(S) of any responsibility,Proficiency
177702,MONDAY morning I was doing some mild aerobatics. normally I use an area just n of farmington and up beside the mountains. this keeps me clear of houses and there is little traffic. on the flight monday; I drifted too Federal Aviation Regulation S and was under the n edge of V32. when I realized it I proceeded back to the n. I later heard from a friend that an army helicopter RPTED to SLC approach that there was a red biplane doing aerobatics and being a hazard to the ARWYS. problems: 1) the Terminal Control Area left us with no practice area. we can't even go over the mountains and work on the E side. 2) the mountains to the E and Terminal Control Area to the W and over the top leaves us with a narrow corridor n-S to fly in. 3) approach steers their Visual Flight Rules traffic outside their Terminal Control Area area and into the uncontrolled corridor. 4) the local pilots won't call approach because we get hassled and open ourselves to a violation. (when you call and ask for traffic advisory; they give you a squawk; a heading and a hard altitude; and all you asked for was traffic.) correct the situation: 1) approach might try a corridor within the Terminal Control Area airspace. 2) designate a practice area for TRNING and aerobatics that DOESN't require a x-country to get to. 3) open up a way to go E over the mountains W/O calling for a clearance. 4) requiring all controllers to be pilots might change a lot of attitudes. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following: RPTR states the airspace around SLC has become very limited for practice due to the Terminal Control Area. the mountains additionally limit areas that can be used. since he is also an air carrier pilot; he does not wish to make his suggestions to the Federal Aviation Administration directly. there has been no follow-up action,Attitude;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
178246,I accomplished my PREFLT and the only thing I found that was abnormal was the main gear down and locked indicators were greased over. on my return to the cockpit the Captain informed me that the automatic slat computer had failed. I called maintenance. they cleaned the gear indicators and opened the E & E compartment to rest the computer for the automatic slats. after takeoff the nose gear would not retract. the appropriate CHKLISTS were completed and we continued to our destination with the nose gear down. after landing; a gear pin was found in the nose gear compartment. to keep this from happening again; I suggest that it be mandatory for maintenance to make a log book write-up when the gear pins are installed or removed,Resource Deficiency
178658,WHILE on a visibility approach to runway 1 at alb; at the above time and altitude; left automatic feather on aircraft became intermittent; causing aircraft to yaw as the left engine went in and out of feather. left engine was shut down; tower notified and the landing was uneventful,Resource Deficiency
179220,PHX-bur approximately 20 mile E of HEC level FL310. ZLA issued a descent clearance which we read back; 'descend to cross HEC at or below FL280; pilot discretion down to FL240.' (we descended to and crossed HEC at 280 planning to continue lower to meet Standard Terminal Arrival Route restrictions.) we switched to another ZLA frequency and RPTED on '...at FL280 pilots discretion to 240.' center then acknowledged our report. later (still level 280) lax questioned our altitude and said '...descend to 270.' we complied and asked if the pilots discretion to 240 still applied; or was requested? he asked what our previous clearance was and we repeated the original 'cross HEC at or below 280 pilots discretion to 240.' after a few minutes Air Traffic Control asked us to call ZLA after arrival at bur and that a possible Pilot Deviation had occurred. we called and talked with the area supervisor and he advised us that the clearance was 'descend to cross HEC at or below 280 descend and maintain FL240.' he also said we had read back 'descend to cross HEC at or below 280 down to FL240.' I replied that we read back pilots discretion; were following that clearance and when RPTING on the new frequency again said pilots discretion to 240; which was accepted. he replied we had in fact RPTED pilots discretion to 240 on the new frequency and agreed it WASN't challenged; accepted at first; but that there WASN't any way for the controller to verify our pilots discretion CLRNCS as opposed to a descend to and maintain clearance. he also said that he would have to turn the matter over to the quality assurance department. after discussing the matter with our company Air Traffic Control liaison (who has been in contact with lax); he informed us nothing would be filed or was disputed because we had in fact RPTED on the new frequency with pilots discretion to 240 and it had been accepted. he also suggested we file this National Aeronautics and Space Administration report. MISCOM in a very busy area with several altitude changes caused confusion. we plan for the normal expected crossing restrictions on the arrival (Standard Terminal Arrival Route). but they are often preempted by other descent CLRNCS making it difficult to plan a normal descent or input into a flight management computer. recommendations: 1) issue and use a Standard Terminal Arrival Route with a profile descent or at least don't issue last minute extra intermediate altitude crossing restrictions on the published Standard Terminal Arrival Route. 2) have Air Traffic Control mark their strips and radar screens denoting 'pilot'S discretion' CLRNCS as well as 'descend to' CLRNCS on all handoffs (which I thought they did) to avoid confusion. 3) when a pilot'S discretion clearance is issued require 'pilot'S discretion' be read back not 'pd' to ensure understanding of the clearance,Communication Environment;Other;Taskload
179633,DURING climb out of MCO; Air Traffic Control told us to level off because of conflicting traffic. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System gave us a Traffic Advisory at the same time. the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System Traffic Advisory was so loud that we almost missed Air Traffic Control'S instructions to avoid the traffic. turn down the VOL on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System,Communication Environment;Other
183231,TFC on V229 NE bound between new york approach and bradley approach. the airway is not protected. BDL receives traffic from the liberty sector at new york; but 2 1/2 mile S of the airway is owned by another sector (VIKKY sector) at new york. if the aircraft veers to the S of the airway by only a mile then it is violating VIKKY airspace. when airplanes are NE of BDR and start receiving HFD; they turn in HFD and start to veer to the S. this was just another typical situation; I took the handoff 5 mile from boundary; aircraft called me 2 mile inside boundary already violating VIKKY airspace; my first transmission was to turn 20 degree left,Other
183685,WE were being vectored to the final approach at PDX and were in a descent from 5000 feet to 2500 feet. the copilot was flying the aircraft and I (Captain) was looking to my left to try to spot the runway. as we came out of the clouds at approximately 3000 feet; the flight engineer saw a single engine SMA pass over the top of us at a distance of 100 to 300 feet maximum. neither I nor the copilot saw the aircraft. I advised approach and they said that they saw no traffic. I asked approach if they could skin paint an aircraft in a situation such as this and they replied that although they could sometimes; in this instance they could not. a few minutes later the controller called back saying that they did have a skin paint on an aircraft 10 mile from us heading S. when we landed I called the controller and advised him that we were filing a near miss report. no evasive action was taken as the pilots at the controls were looking to the left for the airport and did not see the aircraft,Other
184099,3 mile after clearing the new haven actual time Of arrival to the n; I started a turn back to the S (180 degree turn is made by doing 2 90 degree turns so that aircraft is always to the left of roads being observed). after first 90 degree turn; a helicopter came into view about the same time as we got level. helicopter was soon passing in front of my aircraft about 200-300 feet away. no action was taken by either pilot. the helicopter'S high speed would have made a collision impossible with the distance/flight path of both aircraft. both pilot and traffic RPTR were looking in the direction that the helicopter came from and saw nothing until both aircraft were close to one another. we were in an SMA with anti-collision and landing lights on. I assume the other pilot saw us first. the sky conditions were very hazy and as the helicopter moved away from us it just disappeared into the haze (it was a white and blue aircraft and I feel this made it more difficult to see). I can suggest nothing that would help other than painting aircraft with some special high visibility paint,Physical Environment
184514,INSIDE marker for 8R Instrument Landing System; First Officer flying; somehow #1 radio volume was turned off (I may have done this in turning marker audio off; switches are next to each other). suddenly First Officer starts climbing and mentions something about '8000.' den approach had cleared us 'Instrument Landing System 8R; maintain 8000 until established.' thinking the First Officer had missed the clearance; I told him to 'maintain the Glideslope; continue the approach. we're inside the marker; you haven't busted the altitude.' he continued the approach and I called den tower 'inside marker for 8R.' upon releasing the microphone n; I got no reply and quickly found the #1 volume off. I heard the tower as soon as I turned up the volume and gave our position; explaining we had been off the air. he cleared us to land 8R. on ROLLOUT; I overheard the tower thanking another air carrier for their help. at the gate; I was 'critiquing' with the crew to find to my amazement that denver tower had given us a missed approach to maintain 8000 and getting no reply; asked other air carrier to sidestep to 8L; which they did. I called the tower supervisor and explained what had happened and he said things worked out well; a missed approach would have increased their already high workload. meanwhile; I'Mach Number left to ponder how 2 experienced crew members could allow me to override a missed approach order by the tower. my company subscribes strongly to clear (Cockpit Resource Management) as do I. as a line check airman on the LGT; I tried to teach openness in the cockpit; 'no secrets or suppressed thoughts.' yet it happened to me,Communication Environment;Taskload
184913,HIGH workload at mia center delayed the traffic advisory. preoccupation with avoiding weather in the area caused us not to see the traffic on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System until late. however Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System did not issue a Traffic Advisory and we only saw he traffic on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System because of looking at weather n radar. mia center believed we could see the traffic visually but we were in and out of the clouds. the center provided an avoidance vector when we hurriedly asked for one. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System issued a Resolution Advisory which we immediately heeded (and which probably saved us). we never actually saw the intruding traffic but he must have been trying to climb 'on top' in order to be Visual Flight Rules in less than 25 seconds from the time we initially saw the traffic on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System at 12700 and climbing; the center issued traffic; we asked for a vector away from traffic; avoidance vector was given; avoidance turn started; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System Resolution Advisory given and we started climb. apparently we OUTCLBED him,Other;Preoccupation;Taskload
185355,AFT lower cargo detection system found inoperative during PREFLT. Minimum Equipment List 26-1601 allows both systems inoperative provided the compartment is empty or only non combustible materials are carried. maintenance said only non combustible material were loaded and then Minimum Equipment List'D the system. apparently the Federal Aviation Administration says that passenger bags are not considered noncombustible. Federal Aviation Administration should pass on their interpretation of attached Minimum Equipment List,Resource Deficiency
188117,LNDG Instrument Landing System 31R; visual approaches 31L; arrival push. training developmental on local control. air carrier LGT x checks in; 15 mile final; says he was issued visual to 31L; when he was issued an Instrument Landing System to 31R. he is moving past Instrument Landing System 31R approach course and closing on company aircraft Y on visual approach to 31L. LGT x asks; 'where is this aircraft Y going'? I took the frequency from the trainee; established visual separation between the aircraft (I was not talking to aircraft Y for 31L) and had LGT x begin a missed approach (heading 270). after coordination with approach control; LGT x was issued 270 heading; 7000 feet and a frequency for RESEQUENCING. approach attempted to bring him back in immediately resulting in x being in conflict with yet another company LGT Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). visual separation was established by approach and all aircraft landed safety. suggestions: pay attention to READBACKS; especially when training someone else. approach control was also training. 31L saves this air carrier considerable taxi time; and the pilots have come to expect it. it is important for them to realize that it is not always available; and they should also pay more attention to instructions and READBACKS. supplemental information from ACN 187948: when the crew tuned the final controller'S frequency; they found the frequency very congested and the controller issuing a non- stop barrage of instructions to many different aircraft. his spiel was continually interrupted by the squeal of simultaneous transmissions. for about 2 minutes the crew could not break in; but finally the controller called the aircraft and gave a heading change to 060 degree and instructed the crew to look for an ADV tech at 12 O'clock and follow that aircraft to the airport. the runway to be used was not specified; nor was the assigned altitude and speed changed. the First Officer was flying and the Captain was working the radio. as the Captain looked at 12 O'clock he saw an ADV tech WDB about 5 mile ahead in a right turn. it was visible in the haze only because both its wings and fuselage were exposed. the Captain acknowledged visual contact with the WDB and the First Officer began to slow the aircraft. at this point; neither the airport; nor the S shore of longitude island were visible yet; so visual operations were being conducted in what was essentially an Instrument Flight Rules environment. as the aircraft slowed through 220 Knots; the Captain noticed the Instrument Landing System course bar move rapidly from the side to the center of the course instrument; indicating that the aircraft was crossing the 31L localizer. the Captain immediately called the controller and asked if they were being 'taken through'; as the crew was still 'instrument-approach' oriented. the controller replied; 'turn left 290 degree; maintain 2000 until established; cleared for approach; contact tower 119.1'. again the runway was not specified; although the crew was now Light Emitting Diode to believe they had been cleared to intercept the 31L Instrument Landing System. as the aircraft rolled out on final with the airport still not in sight the Captain realized that he could not see the WDB he was supposed to follow; but he saw emerging from the haze to the left another aircraft Y in a left turn to join the localizer. this new aircraft was only about 1 1/2 mile ahead and at the same altitude. it was obvious something was wrong! the Captain called JFK tower and asked where the aircraft just ahead was going. the tower responded by asking if the WDB was in sight. the Captain said; 'no; but we have an LGT aircraft Y just ahead'. the tower then asked what runway the crew was making their approach to; and the Captain replied '31L'. the tower then said the aircraft Y ahead was a visual to 31L and gave instructions to fly 270 degree and maintain 2000 feet. only at this point did the crew realize their error. they had assumed they were cleared for an approach to 31L when they had been in fact vectored for 31R. the controller erred by not specifying the runway to be used. and the Captain erred by acknowledging contact with the WDB which to the controller implied the ability to complete a visual approach and the assumption of aircraft separation obligations. but the underlying fault which contributed to these errors was the chaos of the communications frequency. when a frequency is saturated and more and more instructions have to be issued to more and more aircraft; the tendency is to omit required transmissions; shorten phrases; omit READBACKS and make assumptions about pilots' and controllers' intentions. these communication discipline lapses lead to incidents. luckily; this incident resulted in no near miss; no evasive action; and no discomfort to the passenger on either plane. small screw-ups like this happen all day longitude in the new york Terminal Control Area. but any one of those incidents can start a snowball reaction which can quickly overwhelm the system'S capability to cope; since communication-wise; it'S already overloaded. in this day and age; aircraft need data link like Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System,Communication Environment;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Taskload
188504,I am an FPL approach controller at GRR tower. I was working air carrier x on a right downwind for an Instrument Landing System runway 26L approach. the weather was Instrument Flight Rules and I received a sequence for air carrier x from the S controller to follow air carrier Y on a left OPS Base Operations Office for Instrument Landing System 26L approach. I heard the S controller turn the aircraft in on the Instrument Landing System so I gave a 160 degree to obtain interval on final. a communications problem with air carrier Y and the S controller occurred. air carrier Y never received any of the WBOUND turns and blew through the final. I turned air carrier x E and climbed. a loss of separation occurred. to be noted there is an unsatisfactory condition report (UCR) filed on communication system GRR has. if we would have had the ICSS system; this situation would not have occurred,Communication Environment
188944,CLRNC: direct PMD 17000 (Visual Meteorological Conditions). visually saw buildups over PMD and n along ridge. we painted cells over PMD and asked and received clearance to deviate 20 degree left (n). asked and received another 15 degree left at cells. Air Traffic Control was hesitating on the deviation because of the edwards restrict area. we skirted the n edge of the cell by 1 1/2 to 2 mile. at all times had contact with the ground. picked up some rime ice; and then heavy rain. we then ascended 300 feet; Auto-Pilot on; and then started down with negative g'S. floated in seat for about 15 seconds. at the same time got an aural engine oil warning twice. leveled off at 13700; called Air Traffic Control; reassigned to 14000. uneventful to PSP. checked with flight attendant after level off and everything ok,Physical Environment
189417,WHILE inbound on acton arrival at DFW; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II had traffic at our 1:30 below us and climbing. we saw the aircraft and Air Traffic Control pointed him out to us. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II went from a Traffic Advisory to an Resolution Advisory 'climb command'. we climbed and called approach control and informed him of our climb. at 500 feet above our cleared altitude (11000 Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II informed us 'clear of traffic' and we descended back to 11000 Mean Sea Level. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II works but WOULDN't it be more AFFECTIVE if we could flag visually IDENTED traffic and take them out of the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory mode -- just give Traffic Advisory'S on these targets,Other
189784,LGT was on a Visual Flight Rules approach to runway 26R in denver when a )weather) balloon appeared directly in front of the LGT. the Captain was flying and he took evasive action (dove 300 feet) in order to avoid a collision with the balloon. although the balloon was the cause of the evasive action it was not the event that was of primary concern to the crew at the time. the LGT was turned onto the final approach course 3 1/2 mile behind an HVT which was making a visual approach to runway 26L in denver. the 2 runways (26L and 26R) are separated by about 1000 feet. since the wind at the airport was out of the S (190/11 Knots) the Captain felt it best to increase the spacing on the heavy aircraft and the LGT slowed to approach speed. the LGT received a 'traffic; traffic' warning on its Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II system. the radar screen showed that the warning was triggered by an aircraft 1400 feet above the LGT and directly behind it. the LGT crew asked the denver tower if there was an aircraft behind it and was notified that a commercial MLG type aircraft was behind the LGT making a visual approach to runway 26L. the last reading the LGT crew saw of the aircraft following it was 200 feet above and directly behind. as the aircraft following the LGT approached the LGT'S position; the Captain increased the LGT speed in order to avoid being overrun by the MLG. the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave an oral emergency notification 'climb; climb' and called for a climb of 3500 Feet Per Minute to avoid a collision with another aircraft. a silver sphere appeared in the WINDSCREEN of the flight (it looked like a single engine fighter type aircraft with a single trailing exhaust) and the Captain instinctively dove the LGT 300 feet to avoid a collision. in the split second available to the Captain to decide what to do in this situation he feels that his visual clues OVERPWRED the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II warning. the object turned out to be a large (5 feet in diameter) silver balloon (weather?) with a trailing rope. subsequent inquiry with denver tower confirmed that weather balloons are released from the denver airport but the LGT crew was unable to find out if a balloon had been released around the time of the incident. also the crew was unable to find out if weather balloons are equipped with transponders. if they are; perhaps the balloon triggered the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II warning. if this crew had not encountered the balloon this report would still be a justifiable National Aeronautics and Space Administration report. allowing simultaneous visual approaches to runways 26 at the denver airport should be reconsidered,Other;Unexpected
190154,WE were on a civet 2 arrival to lax; and cleared to intercept 24R Instrument Landing System; maintain 10000 feet. by the time we were cleared the 24R Instrument Landing System approach; we had gone slightly above the Glideslope. after clearance for the approach; I engaged the approach mode of the Auto-Pilot. even though we were slightly above the Glideslope; the Auto-Pilot captured the Glideslope and descended to get on the Glideslope. what a descent! the aircraft pitched over an excessive amount and dove for the Glideslope; the AIRSPD increased to above 250 Knots (285) while I frantically tried to put the Auto-Pilot on vertical speed or altitude hold and extended the speed brakes. when I realized that I could not deprogram the Auto-Pilot from the approach mode; I disconnected the Auto-Pilot and leveled the airplane. however; by this time; we had descended to 7500 feet before we got to DENAY as the Auto-Pilot had overcompensated and had gone below the Glideslope. the First Officer told me that the only way to get out of the approach mode is to disconnect the Auto-Pilot and turn off the flight directors. I am fairly new in the airplane; had never been told this before; and had never flown an airplane with an Auto-Pilot which could not be deprogrammed once engaged on a particular mode. I consider this a less than desirable design feature and I wish someone had told me this earlier,Familiarity
193075,WHILE working S local control at O'hare tower; air carrier x; a runway 14R departure penetrated protected airspace for ARRS to runway 13C at midway airport. a subsequent loss of separation occurred between air carrier x the O'hare runway 14R departure and an aircraft Y midway arrival to runway 13C. the definition of the airspace to be protected in the O'hare 7110.65; 4-1 is UNCLR. both the classroom and on-the-job training I received was incorrect. any procedure for a runway 14R departure when the S satellite airspace for midway is required to be protected is unsafe and incorrect. even with prior pilot compliance; a heavy jet requiring runway 14R; 13000 feet cannot be expected to; or depended upon to; complete a 50 degree turn within 2 mile of the departure end of the runway in Instrument Flight Rules weather. therefore any such operation is at best a gamble,Other
193470,WE were light weight climbing through FL32.5 and had been cleared to FL370. climb rate was about 2000 Feet Per Minute and course was direct to DBN VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. I was flying and the Captain was working the radio. he was doing something and did not hear another aircraft request FL330 as a final altitude. the controller told us to level at FL330 as a final. the Captain responded FL330 in return. an immediate Air Traffic Control clearance of turn right heading 020 degree and change frequencies from 119.77 to 133.3 occurred. I told the Captain that FL330 was intended for another aircraft. the new controller asked our altitude which was level at FL340 (earliest we could get stopped). we informed him of confusion and he stated climb and maintain FL370; and that the clearance given was for another aircraft. the confusion stemmed from the jax controller reading back the wrong call sign. little can be done to stop this type of seemingly small human error,Communication Environment;Other;Preoccupation
193848,WE were being vectored for a localizer approach runway 27 in moline; IL; at 2400 feet. flying time from takeoff in peoria; IL; to landing in moline was 18 minutes. short time required rapid briefing of approach and completion of required CHKLISTS. we were also asked by Air Traffic Control to stay at 210 Knots until the final approach fix for inbound traffic behind us. we were cleared for the localizer approach and intercepted the localizer outside of donna; an intersection 8.3 mile outside of gruen; the final approach fix. as we crossed donna we descended out of 2400 feet for 1100 feet thinking we had crossed the final approach fix. we had contact visually with the ground shortly after leaving 2400 feet; but flew in on the localizer below the required altitude for approximately 6 mile. we received an altitude alert/Ground Proximity Warning System warning about the time the tower asked us to check our altitude. we climbed up to a visual Glideslope and continued to a normal landing. contributing factors: short flight time. high speed to final approach fix. lack of confirmation between crew members to verify proper altitudes on approach at each fix,Communication Environment;Duty Cycle;Pressure
194262,ON takeoff roll at washington national (weather 1000 overcast 2 mile right-Fahrenheit) at 100 Knots; ANNUNCIATOR and master caution came on showing forward entry door open. aborted takeoff with no incident. returned to gate and maintenance discovered that forward entry door was not locking properly and the door handle had actually popped out of locked position during takeoff roll. it was at this point that I recalled recent simulator session where we had been specifically instructed not to abort for a master caution only. this time it was incident free and we had stopped with at least 4000 feet remaining. we knew that the door was difficult to close so we chose to stop. then because of recent Federal Aviation Administration actions; as related to aborts; I started second guessing myself. what did our operations manual say? what did training section say; what did the company say? my final analysis! it really DOESN't matter what their opinions were. we had been there; we made the best judgement decision based on the circumstances we had been given. I was the final authority and made my best call,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
194641,MIN taxi time from departure gate to departure end of runway 27L. #2 engine started during taxi and after start checklist completed. before takeoff checklist flow was interrupted by cockpit conversation with both ground control and tower. when checklist was restarted 'flaps... xxx; green light; DETENT' was skipped. when throttles were advanced for takeoff; takeoff warning horn sounded. flaps were then set to proper position for takeoff prior to takeoff roll. takeoff was normal. contributing factors include: minute taxi time; checklist interruption and allowing ourselves to be rushed to avoid a delay in takeoff clearance,Preoccupation;Pressure
195518,AN important lesson at a cheap price: we were on the julian 2 arrival for lax. center began vectoring us and said to expect runway 25L Instrument Landing System. we requested runway 24L and were told the request would be forwarded to approach. when switched to approach; we were cleared for 'the profile descent.' we had not been expecting that and so had to look for it. I found the runway 24/25 profile descent but that starts from n of the airport; not S; where we were. as I was about to question it; approach said we had flown through the course. we were turned back to the left and told we were supposed to be on the 'civit profile; intercept the Instrument Landing System at 10000 (for 25L) and continue the civet profile.' I could not get the computer to accept the clearance; and we flew through the localizer again while I was trying. approach called us again and turned us back. at this time; we turned visually to the airport; tuned the Instrument Landing System and flew manually with no further difficulties. errors made: very late clearance from approach. we were almost on course when it was received. also; we were inside the starting point and not on an appropriate altitude. since it was unexpected; it was difficult to correlate actions to be taken. incomplete/incorrect clearance. 'civit' not initially mentioned; so we wasted time looking at the wrong profile. failure to navigate. we should have tuned the Instrument Landing System first and intercepted that rather than waste time with the computer at that point. the computer DIDN't show proper information because we were past the initial point of the profile before we got it programmed; so it was giving misleading information. if we had the Instrument Landing System tuned early; our SITUATIONAL awareness would have been better,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
195861,RADAR Airport Surveillance Radar-9 there is still a 'hole' in the radar on aircraft that depart off of hill without an operational transponder. the aircraft was IDENTED on the hill (HIF) 157 at 4 Distance Measuring Equipment and leaving 6200. this has been going on ever since we got the Airport Surveillance Radar-9. there have been numerous attempts at trying to solve the problem; none have improved the situation,Resource Deficiency
197356,PRIOR to PUSHBACK at SFO; instructions were given to the PUSHBACK crew; as received from ground control; to wait for the aircraft at gate XX behind us; to push back clear and then push at our discretion. this gate is not visible from the cockpit as it'S directly behind the aircraft. as we pushed back past gate XX we noticed that the aircraft we were told to hold for was till in the gate! the PUSHBACK crew had not waited as instructed. when asked why they did not comply with instructions; the PUSHBACK crew responded that the crew pushing the other aircraft had signaled our aircraft to go first. the problem is that our crew did not inform us of the situation and stop to get clearance from ground control to change the sequence. on another unrelated occasion; I have given a PUSHBACK crew clearance to push; and without telling us; they have unplugged their headset and walked beside the aircraft. also related; some contract PUSHBACK crews (especially at SFO) cannot speak english well enough to be understood over the aircraft INTERPHONE. for 2-way communication to occur they need to be able to understand english and be understandable over an aircraft INTERPHONE without the assistance of body english or lip reading! PUSHBACK crews need to understand ground control'S authority and the importance of exact compliance with their instructions. from what I've seen over the past few YRS (compliments of DEREG) I think more thorough training of ground crews is in order! callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the ground controller did ask if the Flight Crew understood they were to hold for another aircraft but when the situation was explained ground controller was able to alter the sequence with no problem,Attitude;Communication Environment;Other;Resource Deficiency
197698,STARTED snowing at bos on PUSHBACK taxi out. visibility was going down rapidly. takeoff runway takeoff minutes were 900/1. previous Automatic Terminal Information Service was 1600 overcast; 1 mile S-. Automatic Terminal Information Service was in process of being changed. when ready for takeoff; only Runway Visual Range for landing runway was available (3500 Runway Visual Range). after departure; Automatic Terminal Information Service was heard and below takeoff minutes. landing runway was different than departure runway so Runway Visual Range report was disregarded in favor of previous (last) Automatic Terminal Information Service received. supplemental information from ACN 197230: we twice tried during rest of taxi out and up to time of departure to get Automatic Terminal Information Service,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
198103,ON Instrument Landing System approach to runway 8R at PHX; localizer became unreliable with localizer light on instrument COMPARATOR. since we had ground contact and airport in sight; continued approach. checked identify on 108.3 and heard Frequency Modulation radio station. mechanic said this is normal on rainy days. mechanic said at least 5 aircraft had same problem in past 2 days. interference from local Frequency Modulation station should be investigated,Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency
198655,WHILE following 'lead-in line' and GUIDEMAN into gate x at ord; about 15 feet from the gate I felt the aircraft vibrate and immediately stopped; after which the GUIDEMAN gave me the stop signal. I requested the GUIDEMAN establish INTERPHONE communication and asked him what happened. he said the left wing tip hit a maintenance platform and said that he did have wing walkers in position. I informed ramp control I would not move the aircraft and talked to maintenance on the INTERPHONE. they said they inspected the damage and were going to hook up a tow-bar. the aircraft was pushed reward and then pulled forward to the gate. I was not able to locate the GUIDEMAN after this point to find out exactly what happened. I contacted the ord OPS Base Operations Office manager and informed him of the incident. the aircraft was taken Out Of Service and an 'irregular report' filed with the OPS Base Operations Office manager at lax. at this time I have no definite information in helping to determine the exact cause of the incident; as I haven't been in contact with the maintenance personnel; nor the GUIDEMAN that were parking the aircraft,Other;Resource Deficiency
199012,WHILE taxiing out for takeoff ramp was in process of being plowed for snow. aircraft encountered no problems steering on ramp area. ground control gave instructions to taxi via 'microphone' to 'bravo' for 28L at lansing. normal taxi until in turn from 'microphone' to 'bravo'. aircraft started to slide with nil or little nose wheel steering or braking while halfway through the turn. as aircraft started to slide ground control advised for the first time that TAXIWAYS may have poor to nil braking. reverse thrust was tried but was ineffective. slid off TAXIWAY 'bravo' just S of 'microphone' about 2 feet. shut down both ENGS,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
199456,AFTER crossing robbinsville VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; cleared to 4000 feet by ny approach. in descent; approach called 'Visual Flight Rules traffic 2 O'clock and 5 mile at 4500 feet heading SW.' I RPTED 'traffic not in sight.' approximately 30 seconds later I asked for 'traffic position.' approach said '1 O'clock and 3 mile.' Visual Flight Rules traffic RPTED he had us in sight. I asked approach 'do you want us at 5 or 4000 feet' as we were just passing 5000 feet. approach replied 'you were cleared to 5000.' I said we would climb back to 5000 feet. our lowest descent was to 4800 feet. after passing within 1/2 mile approach then cleared us to 4000. during handoff to next sector the controller thanked us for a heads up. ny approach was talking to an air carrier EGH at some time and instructed them to maintain 5000 feet. our flight number was DGH. the Air Traffic Control voice tape was reviewed by Air Traffic Control and our flight safety department which revealed that approach had indeed made a grave error,Proficiency
199933,APCH controller was very busy when he cleared us for the river visual to 18 to DCA. he then cleared an SMT for a visual to runway 15 at DCA to parallel our course. the SMT was higher than we were but had us in sight. approach then told us about the SMT which the First Officer had in sight. as we continued the approach the SMT kept getting closer and was still high. after the First Officer finished the checklist he looked outside just in time to see the SMT; still higher than us; go directly over our airplane. at this point I started a descent from 1200 to 900 feet per the approach and the tower issued a 250 heading to the SMT when the First Officer saw him pull away on the 250 degree heading we were at 1000 feet and he was at 1100 to 1200 feet. the rest of the approach was uneventful,Taskload
200253,IN cruise at 28000 feet Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave a Traffic Advisory followed by an Resolution Advisory and a descend command. we descended 600 feet below assigned altitude and received a 'clear of conflict'; and resumed altitude; notified Air Traffic Control. the other aircraft (an airliner) was descending to 29000 feet; (1000 feet above us) which caused the Resolution Advisory. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II has no way of knowing the other aircraft will level off above which causes this situation,Other
200592,WITH descent clearance to 16000 feet controller gave us traffic information a couple of times. First Officer unable to acknowledge because of usual frequency congestion. I did not see traffic. I heard a clearance to level at 17000 feet but did not hear who clearance was for. First Officer unable to clarify because of frequency congestion. I said I'D level at 17000 until we could sort it out. at 17300 feet Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave a Resolution Advisory to climb. I added power and went from shallow descent to about 1500 Feet Per Minute climb then Resolution Advisory went away and resumed descent towards 17000 feet. First Officer told controller we had a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II event. controller responded in a defensive; hostile manner; saying he'D issued True Air Speed 2 or 3 times. First Officer responded about the frequency congestion and unable to acknowledge,Attitude;Communication Environment;Other
200949,HUB airport departure complex. cleared for takeoff behind MLG to 'maintain visual separation with departing aircraft.' takeoff clearance given before other aircraft had rotated. at V1 just as nose was lifted off runway #1 fire warning and bell sounded. takeoff aborted as aircraft weight was well below runway limited weight. aircraft was stopped well short of runway end. performed engine fire checklist and after no fire had been confirmed we returned to the gate. maintenance inspection revealed that fire warning had been caused by rupture in 8TH stage bleed air duct. no other damage done to aircraft. no personal injuries. (side note: the aircraft behind us had been cleared for takeoff before we became airborne and tower had to cancel its takeoff clearance when we aborted.) when the nose gear lifted off the Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System RPTED the aircraft 'off' and flight department supervisors subsequently accused me of taking off and then aborting the takeoff in violation of company policy. company training treats V1 as a 'go/no go' speed assuming that all takeoffs are exact balanced field length. in reality; most FLTS may be operated as done above in which V1 was a decision speed (minute critical engine failure speed) while a higher refusal speed (maximum ground speed in which the aircraft can still be stopped on the runway) was appropriate. supplemental information from ACN 201026: crash truck scanned engine and RPTED to fire. maintenance found ruptured 8TH stage bleed duct,Resource Deficiency
201333,ACR x roa to RIC. while on a vector to a visual straight in to runway 02 a near miss occurred with air carrier Y; LTT. the reason no collision occurred was a direct result of Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. richmond approach control had assigned us a heading of 150 degree at 5000 Mean Sea Level and 210 Knots Indicated Airspeed. we had our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II on 10 Nautical Mile scope and below Resolution Advisory/Traffic Advisory. I was flying the aircraft (First Officer) on Auto-Pilot. I noticed a conflict with a target on the scope which was about 15-20 degree right of center and showing 800-900 feet above us in a descent. as I mentioned it to the Captain we watched it for no more than a few seconds in order to get some sort of idea on its track; we saw that it was definitely going to be a conflict so I took the aircraft off of Auto-Pilot. from this point things happened very quickly. we were continually looking for the traffic. I rolled the aircraft slightly to the left to change the window position. the sun was fairly low on the horizon and we WEREN't sure of the exact clock location of the traffic. immediately after rolling left we received a Traffic Advisory with the target now at 6-7 Nautical Mile and only 600 feet above us. this was almost immediately followed by a Resolution Advisory descend; descend command of 1200-1500 Feet Per Minute. just after I initiated the descent the Captain visually acquired the traffic at about 1-1:30 O'clock position. it was directly in the sun from my view point and hidden by the window frame of the aircraft. even though I had moved my head and the aircraft I was unable to see the traffic until the aircraft passed overhead. we descended from 5000 feet to 4400 feet at which time we received a monitor vertical speed. approach control never called this traffic out to us. we told them that without Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II it would have been a Near Midair Collision. my observations from this event: first I was uncomfortable seeing a traffic threat and not really being able to do anything about it until Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gives us an avoidance maneuver. as an ex-fighter pilot I want to move the aircraft to miss the traffic horizontal not just vertical. procedure says we SHOULDN't do this. I think this is wrong we need that capability. we DIDN't have time to query approach control about the traffic. from the time we recognized it as a treat and the Resolution Advisory was made was less than 15 seconds. during this time we are visually trying to find the traffic. second Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II needs to be integrated with some air to air radar capability that will give us better target azimuth. this case the traffic was 10-15 off from where we actually finally saw it. I notice Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II does trail the ACFTS actual location. also knowing closure rate of traffic will also help. radar would do this. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II worked in this situation and probably saved a Near Midair Collision,Other;Physical Environment;Pressure
201755,ACFT was being utilized for a local training flight of touch and go'S with a private pilot applicant. I was pilot in command of that flight. the student conducted a PREFLT inspection followed by a normal supervised engine start. the student then copied the current Automatic Terminal Information Service and contacted ground control for taxi clearance in the following manner: 'providence ground SMA x at 'location' with current Automatic Terminal Information Service code touch and go'S; taxi.' ground control responded with the command: 'taxi to runway 23R.' no specific taxi RTES or hold short commands were given. as depicted in the diagram; I taxied up to; and held short of; the broad yellow line that indicates the beginning of the displaced threshold for runway 23R. holding short of 23R on TAXIWAY V; the student began the ground check sequence. at this time; ground control stated: 'for your information the hold short lines are 150 feet to your rear.' since I followed the previously given taxi instruction; I was confused and queried ground control with: 'did you tell us to hold short.' ground control did not respond; and I continued to supervise the student on the assumption that it was not an important matter. after conducting the ground check; we received takeoff clearance for 23R and were instructed to make right close traffic. upon completion of the training flight and receipt of landing clearance; I was advised to contact the Air Traffic Control supervisor by phone; which I did immediately after securing the aircraft. the supervisor informed me a Pilot Deviation could be filed because of my actions. I was shocked; having complied with all CLRNCS. after conferring with a controller in the BACKGND who was obviously adamant about filing such a deviation; the supervisor said: 'we've had some confusion about the markings in that area; and it probably won't hurt you much; but we're going to file a deviation to maybe get some action out of the state about clearing that area up.' the markings in that area are confusing and faded and I have witnessed on several occasions aircraft to include general aviation and business jets in violation of those particular hold lines. additionally; upon hearing familiar tail numbers ground control will simply say taxi to runway 'x' or taxi to parking; without issuing a specific route clearance even though there may be several different ways to get there. many times; I have been forced to ask for such a clearance to stay out of trouble. I did not the day in question because the runway was close to our Fixed-Base Operator. to prevent further misunderstandings and possible safety hazards; I would recommend the runway and TAXIWAY markings be repainted; and further lines added to make the area in question less confusing. additionally; ground controllers should issue specific route CLRNCS to the active runway; regardless of how familiar with the airport the pilot is; or how close to the runway the aircraft is,Other
203145,WHILE flying a visual approach to runway 26R at denver/stapleton; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II provided a Resolution Advisory to clear unseen traffic Y. Resolution Advisory was complied with and because of distance to runway; a go around was executed. an uneventful visual approach to runway 17R was flown and landing completed. being vectored by approach heading 265 degree/8000 feet/ 7 1/2 mile out from runway 26R; but displaced about 1 mile to right of runway CTRLINE 26R due to numerous traffic targets in area. assigned heading of 265 degree allowed us to parallel the landing runway. approach control was overloaded and kept us high and offset with no landing clearance. when questioned about intentions a new voice (new controller) took over and overrode other controller clearing us for visual to 26R. as we side stepped to left to acquire CTRLINE and descended to regain descent; at approximately 1500 feet above ground level received Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II 'traffic; traffic' with target below Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II aircraft symbol. within 2-3 seconds Resolution Advisory 'monitor vertical speed' with climb of 150 Feet Per Minute occurred. we complied with Resolution Advisory and climbed to 7200 feet Mean Sea Level and Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II advised 'clear of conflict.' we advised tower of Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II warning. we never saw traffic below us and were not advised by Air Traffic Control. notified tower of Resolution Advisory and due to closeness to runway; went around. on ground; Captain talked to tower supervisor who advised us that SMT Y was on final to runway 25 and in contact with tower and was directly below us; but since we were on approach control; we had no knowledge of him. weather was Visual Flight Rules but Air Traffic Control was Federal Aviation Regulation too overloaded and pressed to handle many aircraft to those 3 runways. I am a firm believer in Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II -- the system works. supplemental information from ACN 203144. approach control was trying to hard to fit too many aircraft into 3 very closely spaced parallel runways (25/26R/left). I contacted tower manager by phone and he advised then that there was SMT Y on tower frequency. directly below us lined up on runway 25 and cleared to land. we were not advised of this traffic by approach; could not hear him being 'worked' as he was on tower frequency and we on approach; and could not visually see him due to his position relative our aircraft (directly below). I strongly believe; as does my crew that we would have descended on top of this aircraft had it not been for Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. tower manager thought it was no big deal as no CLRNCS were violated during Resolution Advisory and avoidance maneuver. we thought it was a big deal,Other;Taskload
203296,ON the S boston arrival at 8000 feet Air Traffic Control advised us of 12 O'clock traffic climbing to 7000 feet within seconds of that advisory call; the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II issued a Traffic Advisory for the traffic followed by an Resolution Advisory. the Captain who was flying the aircraft followed the Resolution Advisory and we climbed to 8900 feet Mean Sea Level. I advised Air Traffic Control that the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II wants us to climb. he acknowledged the call. at 8900 feet Mean Sea Level we received a clear of traffic from the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. I advised Air Traffic Control that we have terminated the climb. he instructed us to descend and maintain 8000 feet. we did and the flight proceeded normally,Other
203509,ON mar/TUE/92; I had on 11.6 hour duty day with 8 legs. that night I had a reduced rest scheduled to exactly 8 hours. on the second day we were scheduled for 6.3 hours of duty with 5 legs. both my First Officer and myself awoke the next morning still feeling very fatigued and sleepy. on the last leg of the day; my First Officer was flying as we were descending into the airport area for the approach. I fell asleep for about 1 minute and woke up so disoriented that for 500 feet I watched the altimeter unwind and wondered why we were climbing. this is not the first such incident. I have had altitude busts; missed checklist items; etc following reduced rests,Duty Cycle;Physical Factors
205262,THIS occurrence took place while I was acting as an instructor for a student pilot on his final phase check prior to his private oral/flight test. the student had approximately 30 hours of dual instruction (with another Certified Flight Instructor) and 20 hours of solo flight practice prior to this flight; that the student consistently felt that any substandard performance was acceptable as longitude as it was within his limits (I.E. holding a constant altitude is not important; landing off the runway CTRLINE is ok; etc. after some air work we flew to the richmond; ri; airport (RI04) for some short field takeoffs and LNDGS. an inch or so of fresh; soft snow was present on the sides of the runway. the plowed; asphalt runway was clear and dry. a normal traffic pattern and approach was made. a slightly higher than normal flare was initiated by the student and then he began to allow the plane to drift to the left of CTRLINE. the aircraft continued to drift to the left and the student did not make any corrections -- light winds. the student was not concerned as the left main wheel went off the runway and into the snow. the aircraft continued to move off the runway into the snow and slowly came to a stop. the engine was shut down and the aircraft pushed back onto the runway by hand. an inspection of the aircraft and airport was made. having operated at RI04 for several YRS; I knew that the runway lights were displaced from the runway edges and that the adjacent ground was level and is used for ultralight operations. injuries -- none. damage to aircraft -- none. damage to airport -- none,Attitude;Physical Environment;Proficiency
205690,ACR x was cleared into position and hold on runway 36 traffic was a helicopter instructed to hold short on grass on E side of 36. controller spoke to helicopter several times as we were getting into position. the helicopter held short and the tower cleared us for takeoff. as we started our takeoff roll the Captain called for an abort. an SMA landed on the crossing runway (29). I used full reverse and brakes; averting a collision. the tower reiterated that we were cleared for takeoff. we continued the flight without further incident,Other
206050,AFTER takeoff from runway 28 we flew over men and equipment that were working on CTRLINE of the runway. our NOTAMS made no mention of their presence. Automatic Terminal Information Service information mentioned that the last 1970 feet of runway 28 were closed indefinitely. we were very surprised to see the men and equipment. our gross weight allowed us to use reduced thrust for takeoff and we did. had we known if the situation at the end of the runway we would have used full thrust or used another runway as winds were light. the Automatic Terminal Information Service made mention of birds around the airport but no mention of the humans on the closed portion of the runway. I feel that it is very important that this type of information be given to the pilots in order for us to make an informed decision in operation of our aircraft. there is a difference between a portion of the runway being closed as opposed to the runway being obstructed with heavy equipment and people on the runway,Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
208287,ACR x over ARNES intersection arriving into lax at 1000 Mean Sea Level and cleared for the remainder of the civet 2 into lax. the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Traffic Advisory sounded for an aircraft at -500 vertical and within 5 mile. Air Traffic Control directed us to maintain 10000 Mean Sea Level for traffic at 2 O'clock and 3 mile. the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II shortly thereafter issued an Resolution Advisory for the previous traffic; which now showed 300 within 3 mile. Air Traffic Control called traffic at 1 O'clock and 1 mile. I WASN't able to see traffic which we were closing in on rapidly. the Captain started a climb on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory to 10400 to avoid conflict. we notified Air Traffic Control of deviation and returned to 10000. continued to normal uneventful landing at lax. we never saw the SMA Y traffic at ARNES,Other
208829,SMT Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) took off from ANC runway 32 and made a left downwind departure. tower held me on frequency until crossing shoreline and then had me switch to ANC departure. this handoff was considerably later than normal. departure called air carrier x traffic on right downwind for runway 6R and instructed me to pass behind. air carrier x RPTED at 2000 feet. I RPTED air carrier x in sight and climbed above my planned level altitude of 2000 feet to 2200 feet to avoid wake turbulence. almost immediately; a second air carrier Y appeared off my left wing and passed; descending; below me. I was not aware of air carrier Y and was startled. at no time did I have any crews report one in sight so I doubt air carrier Y saw me until the last moment either. I believe this could have been avoided if the original traffic call to 'follow the MLG on right downwind' had included a clock reference. it is my belief that the controllers desired me to follow the second MLG and avoid; but I attempted to do so with the first which met all the conditions the controller RPTED to me. also; an earlier handoff to departure would have given more time possibly to sort things out,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
209387,FILED route KABQ direct TXO (texico) direct DFW (dallas) direct SHV. while en route from DFW to SHV during descent; ZFW states that our routing should be DFW direct SHV VOR and TACAN (Co-Located) direct SHV; although we were cleared as filed. compliance with new Air Traffic Control instructions were effected without mishap,Other
209741,I am a flight instructor. I started the day with nearly a full tank of gas in both tanks; on my first flight. I had a second flight immediately after the first flight. I did a PREFLT; checking the fuel. the fuel gauges read over half on both tanks; and in an SMA helicopter; the main tank (19.2 gallons usable); and the auxiliary tank (10.5 gallons usable); and with a fuel burn said to be 8 gallons per hour; I felt I had 14.85 gal of usable fuel. with that much fuel for a local training flight planned to be no longer than 1.5 (1 hour 30 minutes) I should have had enough fuel plus 20 minute reserve. as you might have already guessed; at the end of this training flight; I was watching the fuel gauges because they were getting low. from past experience in the SMA; when I would fill up; I would find they did not take as much fuel as the fuel gauges would make you think. with this in mind I believed I had plenty of fuel. but as we were in a transition through whiteman airport'S actual time Of arrival; the low fuel light came on. the SMA manual says 'select the nearest safe landing area and make a normal landing.' it goes on to say the engine may run out of fuel within 5 minutes. I could easily be on the ground in 3 minutes at burbank airport and I felt it would take me just as longitude to turn around and land at whiteman airport. the engine quit less then a minute after the light came on. I always know where I would land if there were a power failure because at 600 above ground level its too late after the engine quits. the last place I looked at was a park to my right. the engine stopped and that is where I went. I lost a little AIRSPD getting to the park. the landing was smooth; but not enough Revolutions Per Minute gain to set it down without any damage to the aircraft. the damage was hard to see to the untrained eye; but the tail cone did have a dent in it; this takes from the strength of the tail cone and that is why it is now called an accident.the total time of this flight was 1.5 to the best of my knowledge,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
210167,I had filed Instrument Flight Rules from medford to redding. when I reached the end of the TAXIWAY; the tower informed me that there would be a 10 minute delay. since the weather was clear; I asked medford tower if I could climb out in Visual Flight Rules conditions and maintain my own separation. the tower granted my request and cleared me for takeoff. before I rolled out onto the runway; I asked the tower if I could climb out on the brute 1 departure; TALEM transition. I wanted to be certain that the tower and I both agreed on what was going on. the tower confirmed that I could fly that routing but then said to climb on course. that implies a turnout in the general direction of flight. I was too fatigued or just too rushed to question the ambiguous clearance. so I departed and flew the Standard Instrument Departure. about 30 seconds later; the tower asked me where I was. I gave my position in relation to the transition I was flying. then the tower said that I was supposed to have just done a downwind departure. I was pretty much on a right downwind anyway so I told them that. they switched me to departure and I still haven't figured out what happened. I telephoned the tower 2 days later and the controller said he WOULDN't write me up and that he 'absolved me.' moral of the story: 1) clarify everything; including the previous clarification; 2) don't get rushed; 3) don't fly when fatigued,Physical Factors;Pressure
210629,#2 engine had compressor stall during climb to 35000 feet. engine was shut down by First Officer and relief pilot. Air Traffic Control control was uneventful until just prior to landing; when the tower cleared another commercial carrier for takeoff on our runway of intended landing. the wind was almost all crosswind from the right (12 Knots gusting to 20 plus) and turbulent. additional turbulence was caused by the departing aircraft; in addition to concern about landing clearance. the priority assignment was questionable since any delay in the departure of the aircraft on the runway would have caused a one engine go around. consequently; we kept some extra AIRSPD for the possible go around and the turbulence of the departing aircraft. the crosswind from the left and the heavy landing weight combined with the increased landing speed caused the left main tires to deflate (due overheat) as we arrived at the blocks. supplemental information from ACN 210634. declared an emergency and diverted to zurich for a landing on runway 16 (12300 feet longitude and 1400 feet elevation). due to OVERWT landing; field elevation; crosswind and 1/2 flap CONFIGN; excessive brake temperature on left main landing gear. zurich tower cleared an MLG for takeoff on the same runway well after we were established on final. even though we were single-engine; we did not receive landing clearance until approximately 300-400 feet above ground level; when the MLG aircraft got airborne. it is very disconcerting; to say the least; to have an aircraft sitting on the runway when one is below a thousand feet on single-engine. in my opinion; very poor judgement was displayed by Air Traffic Control in this instance,Physical Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
210985,I was being checked out in a SMA light twin. departed pao for SCK on Instrument Flight Rules flight plan; Visual Meteorological Conditions; initial altitude assignment: 3000 feet. as we approached 3000; instructor was explaining some procedure. I noticed we were at 3300 at same time Air Traffic Control reminded us of assigned altitude and I corrected. I should have given priority to flying the aircraft and deferred listening to instructor,Preoccupation
214032,ACFT had just completed missed approach at MSY due to thunderstorm activity. we were en route to our diversion OPS Base Operations Office of hou. at approximately 20000 feet; the aircraft was either struck by lightning; or experienced a static discharge. aircraft performance and instrument indications remained normal. shortly thereafter; the 'a' line flight attendant came to the cockpit and RPTED a cabin fire. she went on to say that; although there was no smoke; there was an odor present and the ceiling just aft of the first class divider was hot to the touch. the INFLT cabin fire checklist was initiated. the cabin altitude was raised to 9500 feet in accordance with the checklist as was a descent to the nearest suitable airport; lake charles; la. further investigation revealed that the likely source of the heat and odor was a lighting fixture in the ceiling. cabin lighting circuit breakers were pulled and the flight attendant RPTED the ceiling was cooling off. an emergency was declared and an uneventful landing accomplished at lake charles. fire department personnel discovered that the upper rotating beacon had fallen from its housing and fallen on the ceiling panel. there was no damage of any kind to the aircraft. the emergency was terminated at approximately AM30 local,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
214666,UPON leveling at 15000 feet we received a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Traffic Advisory of an aircraft at 2 O'clock and 15300 feet. an Resolution Advisory soon followed. we descended to 14500 until clear of conflict. traffic passed within 1/2 mile and 800 feet vertical. Air Traffic Control Traffic Advisory'S were late and insufficient. we were not given a Traffic Advisory by ZNY until after we had responded to the Resolution Advisory and traffic was within 1 mile and 300 feet,Other;Resource Deficiency
215170,DEPARTING MCO we had a pressurization problem. we advised ZJX of the nature of our problem and requested an altitude of 10000 feet Mean Sea Level to see if we could resolve it. we had been instructed previously to intercept the ORL 355 degree radial; which we did. 5 minutes later; about 28 Distance Measuring Equipment on the 355 degree radial we requested a return to MCO. after several calls and no reply from Air Traffic Control; a cargo aircraft tried to assist us in communicating with ZJX. we were also unable to reach orlando approach. I asked cargo aircraft to advise Air Traffic Control we were returning to MCO. we turned back to MCO. I started to display 7700 in the transponder for 1 minute then 7600. after 30-40 seconds; ZJX responded to our call and vectored us around restrict airspace. I told ZJX we were presently displaying 7700 and asked what we should squawk. he replied with another vector. I returned transponder to our original code. we returned to MCO without further incident,Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency
215737,ENRTE Instrument Flight Rules from TEB to JHW Instrument Flight Rules. encountered several severe thunderstorms S and SW of williamsport. changed destination and landed without incident Instrument Flight Rules. 10-15 minutes after landing; lightning struck airport and made landing runway lights (and Instrument Landing System) inoperative. Flight Service Station by airport contacted airport manager who 'closed the airport.' attempts by me to again contact airport manager failed 30 minutes later (after thunderstorms passed); I filed Instrument Flight Rules plan to JHW -- I was advised by Flight Service Station that airport was closed. then they accepted flight plan. I taxied entire length of runway and felt that there was no risk of departure since the lights (and airplane landing light) provided adequate reference points. obtained Instrument Flight Rules clearance on ground (Air Traffic Control also advised me airport was closed but gave me clearance). departed without incident. I contend that 1) airport was normally UNCTLED (tower was not operational at that time anyway); 2) no risk was taken to self or property; 3) no rules were broken,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
216420,I was flying with a flight instructor an SMA SEL aircraft for an airway in Instrument Flight Rules flight plan in Visual Flight Rules conditions with no restriction. the Pilot In Command was the instructor and it was a flight plan on his name. while we were flying we were joking about what would happen in case of stopping the engine. the instructor told me that the propeller would never stop. I COULDN't believe him. then he told me... try if you want and I did it; I take off the mixture and the key. then he start to shout me and I realize he was joking when he told me that about the key and the engine then we lose 600 feet when we recovered we had descended from 7000 feet to 6400 feet and we climb back right away. 10 minutes later miami center contact us for asking why we lose that altitude and my instructor say that we had some fuel problems but everything was going ok now. the controller DIDN't ask more questions and we got to the airport at jacksonville international. I don't think it'S professional for a flight instructor to try to avoid his fault throwing it all over the student; and because of this I have been expelled of the school. I wonder how it is possible that in this country of freedom; when a thing like this happened to me I was given no chance to prove my innocence,Attitude
217038,A Traffic Advisory advisory was received while on radar vectors at 9000 feet. the advisory was level at +300 feet at 1 O'clock. the Traffic Advisory was immediately followed by an Resolution Advisory advisory to descend; still showing traffic level +300 feet. as soon as the descent was started; the advisory cancelled and the target disappeared. no targets were showing prior to the Traffic Advisory. no traffic was sighted visually. the First Officer advised MKE approach of the alert and descent as we leveled at 8500 feet. approach said there was no traffic in our area. he then cleared us to 7000 feet for the handoff to ord approach. as we leveled at 7000 feet we received another Traffic Advisory and Resolution Advisory advisory at 12 O'clock -2500 feet climbing. this traffic was spotted visually. it was a high performance single pulling into a loop. no deviation was made and the advisory cancelled as he started down the back side of the loop. I have no idea if the aircraft doing aerobatics could have triggered the advisory at 9000 Mean Sea Level. judging by his speed and performance; he may have. perhaps the rapid altitude and position changes of his aerobatics caused the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II computer to issue a false advisory. my experience with Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II has been positive. it gives fast; accurate traffic information. plus it gives you some insight and respect for the controllers,Other
220618,THE weather for san jose was RPTED as 1300 feet and 7 mile visibility. I received a clearance out of the ARSA instructing me to depart n; make a right turn; follow highway 101 S to S county airport. about 6 mile S of san jose; the weather deteriorated rapidly to less than 3 mile in haze and smog. I tried to call tower; then bay approach; but was unable to reach either facility. later I learned that the yoke microphone button on the aircraft was defective and blocked out the hand microphone I was using. the flight visibility continued to decrease and rather than turn around into san jose traffic in reduced visibility and without radio communications or making turns in a valley with steep mountains on both sides; I elected to continue on my assigned heading and climbed through a 300 feet cloud layer. I set 7700 on the transponder and was through the cloud layer in about 30 seconds. after arriving Visual Flight Rules on top; I tuned in 7600 to signify that I had lost communication with Air Traffic Control. I was able to reestablish communication with Air Traffic Control through castle approach a few minutes later. I invoked my emergency authority as Pilot In Command because I felt that it would be more dangerous to fly around in a valley in low visibilities or return to the san jose airport with no radio and weather conditions I had no way of confirming. if the communications problems continued I would have landed at an UNCTLED airport. I knew that I had terrain clearance if I maintained my assigned heading and I also knew that the cloud/smog bank was only a few hundred feet thick. I have read about numerous accidents where pilots have continued Visual Flight Rules in Instrument Flight Rules conditions because they were either not instrument qualified; or were afraid of violations with the Federal Aviation Administration. our office has a policy that we do not fly single pilot Instrument Flight Rules and this is why I did not file for an Instrument Flight Rules climb to Visual Flight Rules on top,Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
221296,WHILE en route the aircraft was picking up rime ice. I requested higher. at point of icing 16000 assigned 18000 feet. in the proximity of 17500 feet my passenger noticed oil coming out of the right engine. I looked over and by the time I looked back I had rose above 18000 by about 400 feet. center gave me an altimeter reading. at this time I requested to land at the nearest airport. center set me on an approach for CGI. I was not able to properly establish on the needle due to not having the plates readily available; not having sufficient time to set up the cockpit and not having any help in the cockpit. center gave me heading direct to the airport and I landed with no conflict. in my opinion flying MULTI-engine Instrument Flight Rules for hire should require 2 pilots. in normal flight even Instrument Flight Rules night is no problem. but when a conflict of some sort arises; there is too much for one person to manage it in the proper manner,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
222020,ACR x was on an Instrument Landing System approach to runway 36R. the weather was Instrument Flight Rules; 500 feet broken; visibility 1 5/8 mile; simultaneous Instrument Landing System approaches were in progress. air carrier x RPTED; at 2 Nautical Mile from the runway; that he was going around. when questioned why he was going around; he said that a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II alert had been received. at the time of the go around there WASN't any traffic ahead or beside air carrier x. it is my belief that Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II should not be used during such a critical phase of flight. fortunately; there WASN't any other aircraft involved,Other
222643,CLBING through 3200 to 5000 on 060 vector after takeoff 11L MSP direct BDL departure control called traffic 12 O'clock 4 mile; mode Celsius 4200. I leveled at 3700 as precaution as Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II called 'traffic' then 'descend'. I began firm descent; noting red intruder 12 O'clock inside the 4 mile Department Of Transportation circle. I find it interesting that upon looking at Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II ; I remember the red arc curving past the bottom (6 O'clock); the red intruder as close as 1/2 mile as the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II called 'increase descent.' my impression was that intruder must be descending into us since the original 500 feet separation called by Air Traffic Control possibly SHOULDN't have brought on an Resolution Advisory. I estimate our maximum vertical speed 2000 Feet Per Minute for a moment. we leveled at 3000 as red intruder turned green on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II at our 6 O'clock and Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II called 'monitor vertical speed' and 'clear of conflict.' later phone call to departure control disclosed they vectored a nearby Visual Flight Rules aircraft to the 'intruder' return; a light single; and confirmed it level at 2000 below the clouds. they were unable to inform the 'intruder' that his mode Celsius was erratically sending erroneous altitude information; varying from 5700 to 3000; thus there was no real miss just our luck to be there when 'intruder' sent 4200 feet,Other;Resource Deficiency
223073,AS we approached gate x on the outer edge of the ramp we observed the ACCUPARK (self-parking system) was inoperative; a GUIDEMAN was in position to guide us in; the immediate area for gate x appeared clear but there was an WDB being loaded at gate Y with numerous ground equipment in its vicinity. parking required a sharp 90 degree right turn under control of GUIDEMAN; then rolling straight for approximately 50 feet to position door 2L by JETWAY. about 2 feet short of stop line the aircraft encountered a slight resistance and stopped. after first indication for us to roll ahead GUIDEMAN changed to park sign. after deplaning it was discovered the lower lip of #1 engine cowl had contacted a baggage cart tug causing a 2 inch by 12 inch dent. none of the 3 pilots involved nor the GUIDEMAN (licensed mechanic) had observed the tug before or during parking. at the time of this report it had not been determined if the tug had always been present or if the tug had pulled away from gate on our left side and the driver had not been watching ahead; and had just gotten in our way at the last moment. the tug driver who was supposed to be present and working was not to be found anywhere. if the tug had moved in at the last moment it would have not been visible to GUIDEMAN as he has to move to his right (our left) to be visible out Captain'S side window. problem -- to cut costs airline uses either self parking system or only one GUIDEMAN to park aircraft. PUSHBACK is usually one person also. this leaves left side of aircraft unobserved as Captain has to concentrate on parking guidance and copilot cannot see anything low or close out left side. problem is worse on WIDEBODIES. solution -- most airlines use 1 or 2 additional ground observers during parking and PUSHBACK for aircraft MLG size or larger,Other;Resource Deficiency
223467,DEP LGA departure control altered route to direct COL; direct white AF vice RV white. First Officer entered COL into Flight Management System navigate system and began following course information. COL in data OPS Base Operations Office of Flight Management System was later found to be colima MEX VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and not COL colts neck. departure control questioned 260 degree heading for colts neck. First Officer selected #2 VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range 115.4 and found VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range needle turning and 000 Distance Measuring Equipment and started turn 204 degree to white. again departure control questioned our heading and RECLRED us direct COL-white. Captain selected #1 VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range COL 115.4 and found it to be 125 degree to COL. so First Officer used #1 VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range COL 115.4 and found it to be 125 degree to COL. so First Officer used VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range #1 and flew direct COL as filed. investigation revealed Flight Management System data OPS Base Operations Office COL to colima MEX VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. #2 Distance Measuring Equipment inoperative without any at flag. after we found First Officer Distance Measuring Equipment indicator to read 000 Distance Measuring Equipment all times. all VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range rec and Distance Measuring Equipment on Captain side work normally. upon arrival FLL on flight x; I; the Captain; called chief pilots office in atlanta and advised them of the before mentioned. Captain x of the chief pilot'S office called engineering for flight guidance. item #122 in our data OPS Base Operations Office was COL; colima MEX VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and not COL for colts neck; about 1900 Nautical Mile and many many degree off course. I have now found out that my company will not and does not guarantee any information in the Flight Management System data bank to be correct. I must insure via the latitude/longitude from a company Missed Approach Point that they are correct. this system will not and does not with en route; route changes. so welcome to the back side of the electronic world; use at your risk or leave alone. we have 3 Inertial Navigation System and 1 Flight Management System per WDB. about 880000 dollars per plane. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information. the RPTING Captain in this incident is rather embarrassed about the reaction that he got from his company when he told management about his problem -- the problem being that COL (colima; MEX) comes up on the Flight Management Computer when one asks for COL (colts neck; NJ). both COLS should come up; offering the pilot a choice of mexico or new jersey or any other COL on the planet. his flight manager tried to get the company engineering to change the data OPS Base Operations Office; but nothing has been done in 3 weeks. no altering or warning message has been put on the flight plans about this anomaly. each crew must check latitude/longitude against the flight plan and the commercial chart before departure. this is fine; but why spend 1000000 dollars/aircraft; and then have to do all of this,Resource Deficiency
226186,MY night cross country started in DAYTONA beach; Flight Level; and I filed Instrument Flight Rules for practice to orlando international airport. the landing light was inoperative; but I am familiar with the DAYTONA beach area at night; and under Federal Aviation Regulation part 91.205; my landing light was not required. I got my clearance and was cleared to taxi to the threshold of runway 36L. I contacted the tower and received my takeoff clearance. since I had no landing light I went out wide to intercept the center lighting of 36L. I got myself on the lights and advanced takeoff power setting. I felt 2 bumps on the left side of the aircraft. I presumed my left main tire was on the recessed lights. on the landing ROLLOUT at DAYTONA; the plane felt different as I reduced the throttles. I felt vibration on the ground with a slight yawing to the left engine. after clearing the runway; the left engine was ready to quit. it took 1500 Revolutions Per Minute to keep it running while holding to get ground clearance to return to the Fixed-Base Operator. I taxied in and went to shut the ENGS down; and the left engine kept running with everything off. I knew something was wrong. after securing the plane on the ground; I made a thorough inspection and then made a startling discovery. the aircraft has 3-bladed propellers; and on the left engine on of the blades was missing about 3 inches of blade. the other 2 had damage; and the underneath had some major skin damage. the tower said they would look for debris as I thought I hit something on the runway from a previous aircraft. I phoned the tower back at XX00 local time and was told by a supervisor that I had taken out (hit) 3 runway lights with my left engine on the takeoff roll. I was shocked and COULDN't figure out what had happened. the supervisor asked if I was familiar with orlando airport; and also told me the runway width had been decreased in width from 300 feet to 200 feet. this means now the CTRWAY lighting would not be CTRED. it appears that there are white lights on the inner W side of runway 36L. this means that I aligned myself on the wrong lights for the takeoff roll. so; in reality I don't hit anything except for 3 runway lights. I was told that it happened in the same place 1 month ago in an SMT; so he said maybe now a resolution could be made. I am thankful that the plane showed no side effects on the return journey to DAYTONA beach. the controller said that he had filed a report to the Flight Standards District Office and they would contact me,Resource Deficiency
226761,ENRTE from FSD to oma; I experienced a vacuum pump failure while in Instrument Meteorological Conditions conditions at 4000 feet Mean Sea Level. I was in contact with omaha approach and explained my situation. my stated intentions were to use the Instrument Landing System 32L approach to eppley airfield; or if that DIDN't work; a Precision Approach Radar 30 no-gyroscope approach to 30 at offutt Air Force Base; then Special Visual Flight Rules to eppley. as my gyroscope instruments finally tumbled; I decided to forego the Instrument Landing System and then requested the Precision Approach Radar 3C no-gyroscope to offutt. the controllers were very helpful and I proceeded through the approach without any further problems. upon breaking out and calling the runway in sight the controller cleared me for the option. I had already stated my intention of Special Visual Flight Rules to eppley so I proceeded as planned -- that was the problem. the weather had deteriorated to worse than advertised (approximately 500 scattered with more layers above that). I followed the river (MISSOURI) towards eppley. the low clouds forced me to fly lower than I wanted. I flew between 300-400 feet above ground level approximately. this put me uncomfortably close to the various bridges; crossing the river. I finally made it to eppley and landed without any further problems. I feel rather stupid for not landing at offutt when I had the chance. in retrospect; I can see I pushed myself too much to deliver my cargo. I can also see I pushed the rules -- the Special Visual Flight Rules was ok; but I was too close to the ground. I think the mechanical problems I dealt with rather easily. this may have boosted my confidence for an 'easy' short Visual Flight Rules hop. in the future I won't push my luck. I'LL land while I have the chance,Attitude;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
227469,OUR aircraft on V-39 told to descend from 4000 feet to 3000 feet Mean Sea Level. we broke out of the clouds at about 3800 feet Mean Sea Level. approach told us 'numerous Visual Flight Rules ahead.' no altitudes mentioned. as sparta airport is there; this is a common call. we immediately saw 2 aircraft below us. then a third was seen; directly ahead at about 3000 feet Mean Sea Level. we were down to about 3100 feet at this time; so I called to Air Traffic Control that we were climbing back to 3500 feet Mean Sea Level to avoid traffic. this call was made several times; with no response (I was aware of the possibility of other aircraft in the clouds at 4000 feet). the other aircraft; an SMA Y or possibly an SMA x was moving very slowly; with flaps extended; and climbing; so I was reluctant to turn behind the aircraft (instead of climbing) because it was obviously maneuvering; and I could see that I could OUTCLB it; but did not want to try to out turn it. just before we crossed over the top; I did divert to the right a bit. after we returned to 3000 feet; Air Traffic Control finally acknowledged that we had had a problem. I told them I'D be filing a report; and it seemed to upset him; at first; but then I was given the telephone number. why in god'S name transport category aircraft are vectored around Terminal Control Area; at 3000 feet; is beyond my capacity to understand. there will be a collision there unless measures are taken to change the altitudes,Communication Environment
228114,ISSUED cross IAD at 8000 feet; close in. First Officer made CONFIGN changes necessary to expedite descent. at 9500 feet we received a Traffic Advisory on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II at 8500 feet we received a Resolution Advisory to climb. traffic was not in sight but on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II showed 1500 feet below us. we began climb; informed Air Traffic Control about Resolution Advisory and as soon as 'clear of conflict' was ANNUNCIATED we began descent again. we did not make IAD at 8000 feet due to the Resolution Advisory. supplemental information from ACN 227938. the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II altitude readout indicated that we had adequate clearance; so; I continued the descent in order to meet the 8000 feet crossing restriction,Other;Pressure
228774,WE were flying S to lee county VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. we received a heading to intercept the 108 radial off of either lee county or collier county (I don't remember which) after initiating a turn to intercept the collier county 108 radial. it may be helpful to rename one of these VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range'S. the names are similar; and they are only 23 mile apart,Other
230241,FLEW to FFU VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and entered holding at 17000 feet for an expected clearance time of XX20L while snow was removed. GJT was the alternate and was 150 broken; 100 visibility. we figured if we left holding with 15000 pounds fuel we could shoot the approach; go missed; fly to GJT and land with over 6000 feet reserve. we started the approach with 16500 pounds fuel. inside the marker we called tower and were told to continue. an SMA was cleared to land ahead of us. we had the runway end in sight at approximately 1 mile. tower asked the SMA if he was clear. his response was; 'yes; I think so.' due to the confusion; we initiated a go around simultaneously with the tower directing 'go around.' we had 15500 pounds fuel and we told tower or approach that we would like to land with little delay and we called 'minimum fuel.' we were vectored to an 8 mile final and landed uneventfully. after a telephone call to tower; it became known to me that the SMA was clear of the runway but was stuck in the snow just outside of the runway lights. tower had determined that the runway was clear and safe to land even though the SMA was within the runway limits. tower declared the emergency and allowed us to land. we shut down with 13500 pounds fuel. taxi markings and lights were hard to read due to the snow. the SMA apparently just taxied into the snow. tower did an excellent job,Other;Pressure
231227,ON 1/FRI/93 flight x ATL to SJU ship xxx. after reaching cruise altitude I set power to EPR on flight plan. a few minutes later we were given a route change and told to contact en route radio (commercial radio). the Captain was having difficulty making contact on high frequency. I was changing the route and the Flight Engineer was making a company position report. I looked up and noticed the AIRSPD stable at 208 Knots. I immediately increased power to return to required cruise mach. during initial power application #2 engine had an N1 OVERSPD (this was not noticed till later in the flight). all ENGS ran smoothly and power was reset at a number higher than that called for on the flight plan. when we noticed that #2 N1 had experienced an OVERSPD we were more than half way to SJU. since all other engine instruments were normal and the engine was running smoothly we left the engine continue to operate and landed in SJU. contributing factors were the CONFIGN of ship xxx. it has no Flight Management System like our other WDB aircraft; so it has no cruise AUTOTHROTTLE capability. this was the first time that I flew this ship and the first in a triple Inertial Navigation System CONFIGN. all past experience has been Inertial Navigation System/Flight Management System CONFIGN. I let myself become distracted and upon seeing low AIRSPD advanced throttles rapidly,Communication Environment;Familiarity;Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
232036,WE taxied out of the gate following deice/anti-ice procedures. vehicles on the taxiway blocked us briefly and we went beyond the deice holdover time and had to receive deicing at threshold. DSM tower was RPTING light rain; 19 degree Fahrenheit; 8 mile visibility and wind 080/09. runway 13L RPTED clear; sanded and sprayed; braking action fair by landing aircraft. while slowly taking runway 13L for takeoff; the nose gear lost traction and aircraft skidded to right side of runway. aircraft received no damage and no passenger or crew injury. no airport damage. after a longitude wait busses were sent to take our passenger back to terminal and we had aircraft towed back to the gate. contributing factors: freezing rain; late tower discovery of braking action. it was discovered by our inability to hold any traction on runway. corrective action: airport immediately RESANDED and sprayed runway. my perceptions: I will be much more hesitant to leave the gate in the future with freezing rain conditions. fortunately; no one was hurt and no 'metal bent;' but I will be more aware of runway conditions and sanding or clearing intervals in the future,Physical Environment;Proficiency
234050,WHILE descending for landing at san jose; CA; we received permission to deviate to the E around a thunderstorm. we were assigned 6000 feet. while level at 6000 feet and 250 Knots; we received a ground proximity warning 'terrain; terrain' followed by 'pull up; pull up.' I made an immediate climbing left turn to 7000 feet and the warning ceased. we then advised Air Traffic Control who informed us that this was not the first time that this had happened in that area. we descended back down to 6000 feet on a westerly heading without further incident. Air Traffic Control claimed the Minimum Vector Altitude in our area at the time of the warning was 5000 feet. we were in heavy rain and moderate turbulence at the time and the controller was obviously upset at our insistence to deviate around the thunderstorm and his sarcasm was unappreciated and out of character for the professionalism normally given by air traffic controllers. his remarks and uncaring attitude left me with 0 faith in his ability to offer us assistance and guidance at a time when we were looking for both,Attitude;Physical Environment
234457,UNABLE to raise landing gear. checked and found circuit breaker popped; reset and raised gear. went through abnormal checklist; monitored situation. notified Air Traffic Control that we would fly at reduced AIRSPD. 30 minutes into the flight; the gear in transit lights came on indicating the gear not fully up. went through the abnormal checklist. pumped down the landing gear when landing at our next destination. acquired a ferry permit. maintenance located a wire which had shorted and corrected,Resource Deficiency
234921,SHORTLY after PUSHBACK started; the tug operator stopped and said we had new paperwork coming from operations. a baggage loader was brought up to the Captain'S window and a new automated weight and balance was given to the crew. the window was closed and the aircraft was taxied out for takeoff. the takeoff roll was normal and all indicators were normal. at about 80 Knots the Captain'S window slid slightly open. the Captain made 1 attempt to close the window but was not successful. the Captain then elected to reject the takeoff. aircraft speed was 110 Knots. the aircraft was stopped on the runway uneventfully. the Captain'S window was then closed and locked and a Public Address was made to the passenger explaining what had occurred. the brake cooling chart was consulted and complied with. the senior flight attendant was consulted and she informed the Captain that a female passenger was upset and wished to return to the gate and deplane. the aircraft was returned to the gate; refueled; received new paperwork and continued the flight uneventfully. since it is not normal for a window to start to open if it is 'closed and locked' it is felt that the window probably was not completely 'locked' after the unusual event of passing new paperwork to the Captain,Other;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
235370,ACR x was direct KAYOH intersection for SNA. I advised air carrier x of traffic; 10 O'clock; 3 mile; NBOUND; altitude indicating 9200 feet Mean Sea Level. air carrier x was at 10000 feet; and I had just instructed him to cross KAYOH at 8000 feet; at 210 Knots. within 10 seconds of issuing air carrier x the traffic; I advised him that traffic was no factor; as it would pass well clear behind his position. upon receiving that advisory; air carrier x initiated a climbing Resolution Advisory. the terrifying part is when a new; upcoming Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II will issue lateral avoidance commands,Other
236237,INBOUND to PMD VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range from hector. cleared the LYNXX-6 arrival to bur; cross PMD at or below 13000; cross JANNY and maintain 8000. descending through 12000 we got a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Traffic Advisory 500 feet below and 2 mile in front. we stopped descent at 118000 feet just as the Resolution Advisory commanded climb 2000 Feet Per Minute. we advised PMD approach as we climbed up to 12500 feet. he was busy; but when he finally got back to us he said the only traffic we had was 2 mile behind us at 11500,Other
236668,DAY Visual Flight Rules FL310 approximately PM55 Eastern Standard Time 230 Nautical Mile NW of atlanta VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. Captain noticed #3 engine oil filter bypass light illuminated. #3 engine throttle was slowly retarded to idle. #3 oil filter bypass light remained on. the jump seat was occupied by a qualified First Officer who volunteered to coordinate communication with atlanta operations; advising them of our problem and intention to divert to ATL. the situation was also coordinated with an atlanta maintenance representative. Captain and so continued to work the abnormal while I flew the aircraft and communicated with Air Traffic Control. Captain opted to proceed direct ATL and requested a descent into ATL for a precautionary landing. approximately 9000 pounds of fuel was dumped 85 Nautical Mile n of ATL at 22000 feet. since all other engine indications on #3 engine were normal; #3 engine was left at idle. an uneventful landing and ROLLOUT was completed at ATL. aircraft and maintenance changed out the oil filter. aircraft was late ground turned with no recurrence of the engine oil filter bypass light. the flight was later ferried to houston (no passenger or flight attendants) the light did not reoccur,Resource Deficiency
237094,I am a line maintenance mechanic. 5 minutes before departure time the Flight Crew informed line maintenance that the #2 fuel XFEED valve had failed. I proceeded to the aircraft and called back line maintenance with details of the failure. I looked in the Minimum Equipment List and saw that the aircraft could go as longitude as the XFEED valve was locked in the open position. another line mechanic was dispatched to assist me and I informed him to lock the valve in the open position while I began the proper paperwork. after the final approval was given by the maintenance coordination center the item was placed on a maintenance carry over and the aircraft was then pushed back. later I received a call at home informing me that the aircraft had to make an unscheduled landing in memphis; TN; on its way to denver. the MECHS in memphis found the #2 fuel XFEED valve locked in the closed position. although I did not lock out the valve I signed off the item in the aircraft logbook and also signed the airworthiness release. there are several factors which I feel Light Emitting Diode to this error; the first being the great deal of pressure the company places on the MECHS to get the airplanes out on time. I believe that this Light Emitting Diode me to assume that the work completed by the other mechanic was in accordance with the maintenance manual. I did not wish to waste any time in verifying work which he assured me was done correctly. another contributing factor to the incident was the mechanic misinterpreting the markings on the valve. a lever on the valve is supposed to be positioned on one side of the valve or the other. the side that is labeled open has a small arrow pointing to the other side of the valve and the side labeled closed has a small arrow pointing to the side labeled open legend. if the lever is placed on the side marked 'open' the valve is actually closed and vice-VERSA. I feel that this should be corrected because misleading markings on a valve coupled with trying to avoid a delay creates a potential for this situation to repeat itself many times over,Other;Pressure;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
237477,OUR fleet consists of analog cockpits that are being converted to Electronic Flight Instrument System cockpits. the majority of the aircraft are still analog; the minority Electronic Flight Instrument System. both Captain and First Officer had been trained on Electronic Flight Instrument System equipment; however; neither of us had flown it much. this incident occurred in an Electronic Flight Instrument System equipped aircraft. on CLBOUT ZID advised us to maintain 15000 feet for traffic crossing 1000 feet above (crossing at 16000 feet). as we climbed through 14000 feet I called '14000 for 15000 feet.' then I diverted my attention to other duties -- checking the chart for frequencies; airways; etc. on my next instrument scan; I noticed the altimeter approaching 15300 feet and climbing. I anxiously stated 'watch your altitude!' the Pilot Flying (Captain) disconnected the Auto-Pilot and descended to 15000 feet. I estimate we reached 15400 feet. the altitude infraction occurred because the Pilot Flying inadvertently failed to get the Auto-Pilot into the altitude capture mode. through vigilance I caught the altitude within 300 feet. had I been more proficient on Electronic Flight Instrument System equipment; I would have caught the problem prior to its causing an altitude infraction by checking that the altitude capture mode had activated. supplemental information from ACN 238390: we were climbing at approximately 3000 Feet Per Minute. this was the first time I had a malfunctioning system and it caught me off guard. it (the flight director) is so automatic -- all that fancy stuff -- but it'S still just a machine. I found out the hard way. supplemental information from ACN 237462: at present time; some crew members go 3 or more months without encountering Electronic Flight Instrument System configured aircraft and then are assigned a leg using Electronic Flight Instrument System equipment,Familiarity;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
237951,I was flying for practice with an instructor; on the TTN Instrument Landing System 6. we were talking to PHL approach. we were level; on the localizer; and were supposed to circle to runway 34. I was under a hood. the handoff from approach to TTN tower was unusually late; and by the time we were told to change frequencies; we were well past the outer marker; descending. when I changed frequencies to contact TTN tower; I accidentally tuned 121.7 instead of 120.7. I DIDN't realize this until my 2ND or 3RD call and then tuned the proper frequency. by this time; I had flown past the circle-to-land minimum altitude; and was about 1/2 mile from the threshold of runway 6. the tower controller was frantically calling for us to turn left and climb to avoid pattern traffic; and I complied. the basic cause of the problem was my lack of currency (which is why I was practicing; of course). the 121.7 on the radio 'looked' right; but of course; it'S a common ground control frequency which I should have realized (maybe that'S why it looked good?); and I should have checked against the approach plate after the first failure to get a response from TTN tower. the fact that we got the handoff to TTN so late aggravated the situation by decreasing the time I had available to catch my frequency error. also; I should have flown the missed approach at 680 feet instead of waiting so longitude; also attributable to my getting behind and thinking slowly. if it had been actual Instrument Meteorological Conditions; and I had broken out of clouds below 700 or so without recognizing the frequency error; I suppose I should have circled to runway 34 and landed; based on the assumption that I had lost communication. also; I had begun my descent down the Glideslope late (I was out of practice and getting a little behind the plane); and I picked up some extra speed intercepting the Glideslope. this also compressed the time I had for decision making. despite what occurred; I don't believe a dangerous situation ever existed; since we were Visual Meteorological Conditions; and my instructor could see all traffic. I can understand why the tower controller would have had a different perspective; of course,Communication Environment;Proficiency
240297,I was tracking outbound on the FIM 136 degree radial and descending to 7000 feet when bur approach issued a 130 degree vector to join the bur runway 8 localizer and further descent to 5000 feet. I would estimate we were about 4-5 mile from the localizer CTRLINE when this clearance was received. the assigned heading and altitude were set on the flight guidance panel and I was in the process of tuning the runway 8 localizer when we received a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II alert. I looked at the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II screen to determine the orientation of the traffic (approximately 11 O'clock and 2 1/2 mile) and then looked outside to acquire it. immediately thereafter; an aural Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory 'monitor vertical speed' sounded which brought my attention back inside to the VSI. as the Auto-Pilot initiated altitude capture at 5000 feet we spotted the SMA passing left to right underneath us at around 4500 feet. at that time burbank approach advised us that we had overshot the localizer course. due to the distraction of the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II warning I had failed to arm the Auto-Pilot to capture the localizer. after the transmission by bur approach; the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II aural 'clear of conflict' sounded. vectors were received to rejoin the localizer course and the remainder of the approach and landing was uneventful. I don't believe my actions caused a loss of separation with any aircraft,Other;Preoccupation;Proficiency
240694,ACFT was a WDB cargo flight from ONT to lax and continuing on to JFK. the first leg was a positioning flight only; so the aircraft was empty. initial clearance had been to turn to a heading of 255 degree; intercept V-210 to lax and climb to 8000 feet. since we were empty and the temperature was in the 50'S; during departure the aircraft was accelerating and climbing rapidly; even in a 30 degree bank; turn at normal climb thrust; the high performance of the aircraft required me to concentrate on the instruments and flying the aircraft. during the turn; ONT tower switched us to ONT departure. while the First Officer was handling the radios; I was also directing him to retract the flaps; to maintain the flap retraction schedule. ONT departure cleared us direct to SMO VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and I tuned in that VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and proceeded to track inbound to it. I called for the after takeoff checklist about 4000 feet Mean Sea Level and about 6500 feet Mean Sea Level realized that I was going to have to start a level off early to level off at 8000 feet. as we passed through 7000 feet climbing at 1800 Feet Per Minute; the First Officer said we were only cleared to 7000 feet. I immediately pulled the thrust levers to idle; pushed the control wheel forward to stop our climb and directed the First Officer to advise Air Traffic Control that we were returning to our assigned altitude of 7000 feet. the First Officer said he did not want to report that information to Air Traffic Control; that Air Traffic Control would advise us if they were aware of our altitude overshoot. as I was busy flying the aircraft; I did not respond to his comment; but agreed with his logic that the deed was done. I had screwed up and Air Traffic Control would probably issue a violation to me anyway. I stopped the climb at 7700 feet Mean Sea Level and rapidly descended the aircraft back to our assigned altitude of 7000 feet. the remainder of the flight to lax was normal and uneventful and Air Traffic Control never made any comment about our altitude overshoot. as I reviewed the events of this 20 minute flight later; I realized that several factors had contributed to this altitude overshoot. first; I had not slept well the previous night and was tired. I was not at my optimum performance level. second; this flight is probably the most demanding; in terms of workload; that we do at this company. the flight is short with multiple NAVAIDS in a major metropolitan area with a 180 degree turn after takeoff and a 180 degree turn for landing. the crew is very busy flying; running CHKLISTS; tuning NAVAIDS; talking to Air Traffic Control and company and listening to Automatic Terminal Information Service. with an empty airplane high aircraft performance accelerates the pace of these events. third; normal company procedure is for the Pilot Flying to repeat the altitude assigned to prevent mistakes with altitude assignments. our altitude assignment was changed when the First Officer contacted Air Traffic Control during our turn after takeoff. we were both busy with our respective duties and neither of us realized that I had not repeated the new altitude assigned by Air Traffic Control. fourth; the First Officer forgot to reset the altitude alert to the new assigned altitude. if I had received the 900 feet warning; I should have been able to level off at our assigned altitude with minimal overshoot. we were very fortunate on this flight. flight conditions were ideal -- the ceiling and visibility were unlimited and no other aircraft were in the area at that time. however; I won't depend on good fortune to bail me out in the future. I will brief the crew on our initial takeoff briefing to challenge the Pilot Flying to confirm altitude assignments. I will brief the First Officer to help me fly the airplane before we 'fly' the radios. I will be especially alert for sits where a high cockpit workload on departure could lead to a missed altitude assignment. and I will verify our altitude assignment after each initial contact with departure control,Physical Factors;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Taskload
240812,WE were air carrier x en route from austin to houston hobby. our Auxiliary Power Unit was inoperative which kept us behind all day longitude and we were trying to catch up to our schedule. we had to start at the gate; and push back and taxi were very close together. I called for taxi and received from austin ground; air carrier x taxi runway 13R; hold short of runway 17. I looked over at the Captain who was starting to taxi and received from him what I thought was non verbal acknowledgement of the taxi instructions. I cleared my side of the aircraft (right) and we taxied out on taxiway left to h. I started doing takeoff performance and prepared for the PRETKOF challenge and response checklist. all of a sudden; I heard austin tower call air carrier x to hold short of runway 17. I immediately looked out and saw the yellow hold short line on the E side of runway 17 go under our nose. I asked the Captain if he heard the hold short call. no response. I wondered why we were on tower since I had not changed to tower frequency. I looked n on runway 17 and saw a single engine aircraft about 2000 feet from our position. I then heard austin tower cancel his takeoff clearance. from my position he was not moving on the runway. by this time we were through runway 17 and taxiway h. I asked the Captain if he heard the hold short of runway 17 on taxi out and he stated he had not. tower called again and asked 'air carrier x; did you understand you were supposed to hold short of runway 17.' all I could respond to was a 'roger.' the Captain decided to takeoff and go on to houston hobby since we were coming back to austin to ron. by the time ground/tower called us the first time we could not have held short of runway 17,Communication Environment;Pressure;Resource Deficiency
241117,WAS advised by Air Traffic Control of aircraft that would be leveling 1000 feet below our altitude. due to excessive climb rate of approaching aircraft we received Traffic Advisory alert on our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II followed by Resolution Advisory advisory. advised Air Traffic Control of response to Resolution Advisory. climbed aircraft to 11500 feet from 11000 feet then descend back after conflict was gone. no conflicts with other aircraft. climb was not necessary because aircraft leveled at 10000 feet. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II system was responding to parameters exceeded by closure rate of approaching aircraft,Other
242531,CAPT received radio call to turn to heading 200 degree. I (Captain) told First Officer heading 200 degree. First Officer had not heard the original heading XMISSIONS. after telling First Officer of the turn; I turned and conferred with the so about the fuel. when I looked back; the First Officer had left FL220 for FL200 thinking I had meant change altitude rather than heading. we immediately climbed back to FL220 and conferred with center about the deviation. the obvious corrective action is good communication and make sure of complete understanding before taking action,Communication Environment
242909,ON jun/XX/93 at approximately XY30 am; after an instrument training flight with a student; an unintentional gear up landing was made at sparta airport. the cause of this incident was not a result of any mechanical failure and the student nor myself were not hurt. the training flight was uneventful until our approach to sparta airport at which time we began our approach to landing. our descent to the airport was faster than normal and the student was forced to wait until he had achieved safe gear operating range. upon entering the pattern I casually mentioned; 'I hope I don't get a call today.' my student replied; 'what do you mean?' I said; 'a friend of mine was dying of muscular DYSTROPHY.' he replied with; 'I had a cousin that died of the disease when 15 YRS old;' and the conversation continued from there. as a result; our attention was diverted from running the checklist and flying the airplane. on final; the student pushed the propeller full forward and the approach was continued along with the conversation; without realizing the gear was not down and locked. the student was practicing a soft field landing and as we began the flare just prior to touchdown I heard the stall horn (so I thought) which was normal and did not suspect a problem. when I finally realized there was a problem it was too late. I feel contributing factors leading up to this indecent were: 1) flying when I was emotionally unfit due to the illness of a close friend. 2) failure to properly run checklist. 3) causing a distraction to the student in the pattern when it should have been sterile environment. 4) failure to properly supervise my student and to do an instructor check of the gear down indication on final approach. 5) and my over-confidence in the student'S ability to fly the aircraft. other factors I feel contributed were the SMA'S gear warning horn. neither the student nor myself recall hearing the warning horn at all. after a ground test of the horn we found that the horn was not very loud. with our head sets on and the noise of the engine the horn was hard; if at all possible; to hear. also the horn did not go off until the throttle was below 11 inches manifold pressure which was not achieved until just prior to touchdown. also; the close resemblance of the noise the stall horn and gear horn make made it possible to confuse the noise we heard on short final which we assumed was the stall horn may have been the gear horn. what I have learned over this is never let your guard down; always insure the checklist is being completed; provide a sterile cockpit and never assume anything -- make sure the gear is down and locked and there is a green light; then check it again,Attitude;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
244673,SAN diego; air carrier gates restrict by a keypad lock release. there are no crash bars on the doors. in the event of emergency evacuate/evacuation from an aircraft on the gate (fire; etc) the only way off the airplane would be the aircraft'S alternate escape system. the JETWAY could become a crowded funeral pyre. there are locks at the gate lounge entrance also. seems like local airport security concerns override Federal Aviation Administration guidelines and local fire marshall requirements. hazard is accident waiting to happen. in addition; makes PREFLT inspections of aircraft impossible unless code is known. we go into over 130 airports nationwide; so it would be impossible to know all codes and combinations. this needs to be rectified. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTING pilot states that he is concerned with the safety problem not only at san but also at other airports. there is no ready access to the terminal from the aircraft in case of an emergency on the aircraft. PREFLT inspections are impeded by having to have special keys or codes to open doorways to the ramp. he believes that there should be a confrontation between the fire marshall and Federal Aviation Administration security to settle the matter. he believes that this is a 'knee jerk' reaction to security problems at the ramp end of the terminal,Other;Resource Deficiency
245055,WE were #1 for takeoff on runway 3C; and we noted very scratchy XMISSIONS that might have been tower. we tuned both radios to tower in order to improve our probability of clear reception. poor reception at this spot is common and is well known to tower personnel. I hoped it would improve when they moved the tower; but it DOESN't seem any better. we requested a repeat of last transmission; and it was clearance into position for us. tower was still scratchy but understandable. when takeoff clearance came; it too was scratchy; and neither pilot heard anything more than clearance to takeoff. during the initial takeoff climb; we experienced a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory on traffic that had taken off on runway 3R. tower issued a frequency change to departure; and when we checked in; he asked if we were maintaining heading 360 degree. when we replied in the negative; he assigned heading 350 degree. I cannot determine if tower assigned 360 degree; and we did not hear it because of poor reception or if he simply failed to assign a divergent heading. I wish we had been assigned 360 degree; for it might have improved our separation from the traffic off runway 3R. in any event; the radio dead spot at the S end of runway 3C should be corrected. callback conversation with chicago quality control revealed the following: the quality control person at DTW would not talk about this problem. he sent me to the regional quality control person in chicago. this person admits that there have been several complaints about DTW communications blind spots (his file is 'about a foot thick' for DTW). there is a new tower at DTW. the transceivers were moved to the new tower about 9 months ago in an attempt to correct this problem and they are now in a 'test status' to see if there has been any conflict with any other facility caused by the new location. he is willing to discuss any complaint about communication problems. the RPTING pilot has been based at DTW for quite some time. he has seen several communications problems at DTW but this is his first written report. he is not one of the contributors to the 'foot thick' file,Communication Environment;Other
245434,MY aircraft was en route from KCCR to KTVL; Visual Flight Rules; my aircraft was climbing 1000-1500 Feet Per Minute at 160 Knots Indicated Airspeed. strobe and recognition lights were on. I had a request with travis approach for flight following; but it was not received. the other aircraft was first seen at my 11 O'clock; close enough to require immediate action. the other aircraft was a gray SMA flying SW in level flight. my aircraft was in his 2 O'clock position. I took control of the airplane; putting it in a 45 degree left bank. I DIDN't have time to announce I took the airplane from the First Officer. the other aircraft DIDN't change course. it is assumed neither aircraft had flight following. the SMA was not heard on the travis frequency. normally I fly Instrument Flight Rules; including departures and ARRS. this time I made an exception; with the encouragement of the First Officer. to this extent I failed in judgement and limited a margin of safety in a high performance airplane. it is my thought to use part 135/121 as a guide to operation standards. the left windshield post could have blocked my view of the other aircraft. my aircraft; an SMT; is hard to look around posts due to limited head room while leaning forward. an SMT Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) was much better; even with smaller windows. the Pilot Flying has a tendency to spend too much time inside the cockpit under similar flight conditions. although not a factor; this situation is why I normally save the after takeoff checklist to after level off or 10000 feet. basically; this situation would have been avoided if I had maintained my own standards and made the trip under Instrument Flight Rules. this is another form of 'get THEREITIS.,Attitude;Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Pressure;Proficiency
245788,RETURNING alone to home OPS Base Operations Office after an evening of viewing fireworks displays in the san diego area; I entered the traffic pattern at MYF uneventfully and announced my intentions to land on runway 28R. the tower was closed and I was the only aircraft in the pattern. I began my descent for landing from traffic pattern altitude abeam the numbers. I chose to use 20 degree of flap for landing as I began a power-off short approach. I crossed the runway threshold slightly high (I do not recall what the Visual Approach Slope Indicator was indicating) and fast (80 Knots). I elected to continue the landing; well aware that this aircraft has a tendency to float in ground effect. the aircraft was not on the ground until nearly 1/2 of the runway had passed (runway 28R is 3400 feet longitude). I retracted flaps and began to apply brakes. the tires began to squeal as I increased brake pressure. aborting the landing seemed out of the question; based on the amount of runway left. I think a go around at this point would have put the aircraft off the runway end; in the weeds; with a chain link fence not Federal Aviation Regulation beyond. as the runway end came into view; I became concerned that I was about to experience an overrun incident/accident anyway. the last taxiway for runway 28R is a right angle to the CTRLINE (190 degree). in other words; not a high speed turn-off. I somehow managed to make the left turn at taxiway a; but not without damage to the left main landing gear. the tire left the rim and the aircraft was disabled on taxiway a; between the parallel runways. I informed flight service that a Notice To Airmen should be issued indicating a disabled aircraft on the runway since the aircraft did not clear the hold short line. by definition; the aircraft was blocking the runway. I consider myself fortunate and very humbled by this experience. obviously; the end result could have been much worse. I'Mach Number normally a safety conscious pilot; but on this particular night I believe my guard was down. the reason for my complacency remains a mystery to me,Attitude;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
246091,WE were en route from memphis; TN; to jackson; MS; and just n of greenwood VOR and TACAN (Co-Located). after just having leveled off at 16000 feet (our filed altitude) center called with instructions to fly heading 180 degree. we; however; thought the instruction was to climb to FL180. this confusion was due to radio noise; and the fact that a heading of 180 degree was just previously assigned by the same controller. while climbing through 16700 feet. the controller called asking us if we were climbing to FL180 and that we were told to fly heading 180 degree. he then permitted the climb to continue to FL180 with no concern. there DIDN't appear to be any traffic conflict; simply a misunderstanding of communications. although my Captain read back to the controller that we were leaving 16000 feet for FL180; the controller apparently DIDN't catch the error until he saw the climb,Communication Environment;Other
246422,DURING descent from 27000 feet to 21000 feet cabin pressure increased to 10000 feet. checklist was called for and manual pressure was applied. could not regain control of pressure. oxygen masks were donned; passenger oxygen masks were released automatically. center was advised we needed a descent to 10000 feet. after a 30 degree turn we were cleared to 10000 feet. after rapid descent we leveled off at 10000 feet. then we were cleared on course direct to ABB and CVG. once stabilized in cruise at 10000 feet; all the passenger and crew were checked to be well; we continued flight to CVG with no further incident. no special assistance was required at CVG,Resource Deficiency
247098,UPON takeoff roll at CYS; checking power for First Officer'S leg to den; noted no torque indication. aborted takeoff and cleared runway. reviewing after takeoff checklist; noted INVERTOR in off position; apparently accidentally turned off INVERTOR when opening ice vanes. checked INVERTORS and both operating properly. returned to gate; requested new release. continued flight to den; RPTED to flight operations; filed company incident report. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that in the LTT the torque is controled by the INVERTOR; a separate type of generator; which provides power to the gauge to indicate torque. asked if this was possibly an ergonomic problem; RPTR said he has been flying this model for 5 YRS with no problem. can't really explain why it happened this time,Resource Deficiency
248987,I was soloing my student for his first solo. he made a controled takeoff; a very good pattern and an excellent landing within the first 1/3 of a 6000 feet runway. as he applied power for the takeoff; he failed to maintain directional control and left the runway on the left side. he never got airborne. he realized that he was out of control and pulled the power off. the left side of the runway was freshly plowed and very soft. the aircraft tipped and struck the left wingtip; breaking the plastic fairing and damaging about 8 inches of the leading edge. after moving the aircraft out of the field to firm ground; inspected the damage and taxied the aircraft to the tie-down area and further inspected the aircraft. I called the mechanic and explained the damage. he said it would be okay to fly it back to the home airport (2.6 air mile). I tested its flight characteristics in ground effect and ascertained it was safe to fly to the home airport for repair. I believed; as Pilot In Command and having the final authority/authorized to make the decision; that it was airworthy; that I acted properly. after the flight I have learned; since the aircraft was damaged I did not have that authority,Proficiency
249469,FLYING RDU-ord deviating through gap in thunderstorm line. going through hole at FL260; observed on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II another aircraft head-on; 10 mile; descending slowly and not at a uniform rate. ZTL called us and told us 'turn 15 degree...?? (static from thunderstorm) immediately for traffic.' we turned 15 degree right based on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II information as we sought to clarify the direction of turn. controller talked to offending aircraft for not descending fast enough and other traffic caused such congestion that everyone was stepping all over everyone until fully 3-4 minutes later. by that time; traffic conflict was over and we were RECLRED direct VHP without any questioning by controller as to our direction of turn or mention of the potential conflict,Communication Environment;Physical Environment
249849,I contacted SDL tower approximately 10 mile out for a straight in approach runway 21. I was told to continue on. at this time I saw an SMA Y low and ahead of me; maybe 3-4 mile. SDL tower spoke to an aircraft; perhaps this one; and asked if aircraft was E or W of final approach for runway 21. pilot said; 'ah; I don't know; maybe W.' as I got closer; I was told to continue inbound. approximately 3 mile out; I was asked to slow down due to an SMA twin the pattern; and I was told the SMA twin was my traffic. I did not see the traffic and told the tower this. I was told to continue inbound. at 1 1/2 - 2 mile out; an SMA Y flew under and in front of me; cutting off my approach. he was not talking to tower at that time. he approached from my right. my copilot spotted him first. if not for my copilot; I'Mach Number not sure when I would have seen him. at this point; I immediately initiated a left 360 degree turn and informed tower simultaneously. after I was on the ground; I called the tower on my radio and asked where that airplane came from? the controller told me that he had told me to follow that plane in. all I remember hearing was to slow down for traffic in the pattern; which was an SMA twin; not an SMA Y. my copilot does not remember being advised of the other aircraft either. I guess that I was surprised that the controller did not ask me to make a left 360 degree turn before I did. in other words; see the situation developing before I could see it; although I realize the ultimate responsibility is mine for my own safety,Other;Unexpected
250304,AFTER arising early I decided to get in an hour'S flight. I was able to see mt ranier (about 30 Nautical Mile away) and quite a bit of blue sky; and although a little hazy near the ground; the weather looked fine. by the time I reached the airport; the sky had begun to gray over and when I finished my PREFLT I had begun to think about checking the weather. just then; a helicopter took off and departed to the E. I watched the helicopter depart and decided to skip the briefing since I intended to stay in the pattern working on soft field LNDGS. on CLBOUT; I realized that I had misjudged the rapidity with which the weather was changing. in front and to my right the haze was rapidly getting thicker. when I turned crosswind; I could see a low lying layer of fog blowing in from the W. it was apparent that by the time I flew the pattern; the visibility at pierce county airport would be extremely marginal. at 1500 feet I was Visual Flight Rules but the fog under me was rapidly becoming solid. I flew S and found kapowsin clear. I landed at kapowsin and waited until the fog cleared (about 4 hours). when I noticed that the haze had gotten thicker as I PREFLTED; I should have been alerted to the possibility of the rapid development of fog. had I gotten a weather briefing (even though I intended to stay in the pattern) I would probably have realized what was happening. the only things I did right were realizing that a return to pierce county was chancy and that I could probably find an airport still Visual Flight Rules if I acted quickly. I was carrying my Instrument Flight Rules charts and approach plates; so could have filed and gone to an report which was still above minimums. I had 5 hours fuel on board,Physical Environment
250764,WHILE taxiing out for takeoff; we received weight and balance information via Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System. the First Officer entered the 0 fuel weight into the pms; which knows our fuel and gives us the gross weight for takeoff. (1 fuel gauge was on Minimum Equipment List; but was in fact operating; so the pms computed weight was correct). using the pms weight; we then turned to the V-speed page and got our takeoff speeds. we set the trim as the Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System message showed. after takeoff. we noticed that the weight and balance air carrier'S message showed an incorrect fuel load; and therefore and incorrect total weight. since we had used the pms weight; our speeds were correct; but only because the fuel gauges were working. the trim we used was not correct. we should have double-checked the weight and balance fuel; Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System versus pms. I should have backed up the First Officer on this,Resource Deficiency
251091,THE flight was ATL to CLT. both pilots not familiar with ATL airport. as such; much concentration was placed on taxi diagrams; route and instructions. consequently; takeoff flap selection on the before takeoff checklist was missed. at end of runway as power was advanced; the takeoff CONFIGN warning horn sounded due to flaps not being in takeoff position. takeoff flaps were then selected and in proper CONFIGN at takeoff. at initial sounding of horn power was left at takeoff setting; both pilots looking for cause. I selected takeoff flaps as soon as I realized this was the reason for the horn. I looked at the Captain waiting to see if he wanted to abort the takeoff; he continued scanning and said nothing. I did not reduce the power. the flaps were at takeoff position prior to rotation and a normal uneventful takeoff was accomplished. in looking back at the situation; I now realize that I should have immediately retarded the throttles and then looked for the cause. a similar situation happened to me several YRS ago when I was a newly hired copilot. when the horn sounded then the Captain immediately selected takeoff flaps and told me to continue. being new and on probation then; I was not going to question a senior Captain; so I followed his instructions. contributing to this is the fact that any time an abort is logged by the tower; they request the reason; and pass this information on to Federal Aviation Administration flight standards; who will want to know the reason and circumstances for the abort. I; like most pilots; want to avoid any conflicts with the Federal Aviation Administration. consequently; I feel that I was 'spring loaded' to continue so as not to have to explain a mistake and/or omission,Familiarity;Proficiency
253776,I was acting as copilot flying from the right seat. we were on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan from mckinney; TX; to MCGREGGOR; TX. waco approach asked us to report when we had MCGREGGOR airport in sight. I saw an airport which I thought was MCGREGGOR. I notified approach and cancelled our Instrument Flight Rules flight plan. we set ourselves up on a visual approach for what I thought was MCGREGGOR runway 17. at 500 feet I realized we were on approach for runway 19 at waco regional. we initiated a go around and immediately contacted waco approach and IDENTED ourselves. he notified us of departing traffic which we had in sight previous to our approach. waco approach notified us of MCGREGGOR'S position to us. I saw the MCGREGGOR and confirmed we had it in sight. we proceeded and landed at MCGREGGOR airport. in order for this situation not to arise again; I would suggest the following: become aware of any nearby airports close to my destination and make note of similar runways and layouts. stay with approach a little longer until both I and my copilot have a positive identify on our destination. become more familiar with the layout of our destination airport. especially in unfamiliar areas. even though I have an airport in sight; XCHK its position to the information that my Long Range Navigation and NAVAIDS are feeding me,Familiarity
254209,ON OCT/TUE/93 I departed santa Flight Attendant municipal airport (SAF) for a sightseeing flight to monument valley and the grand canyon. I very rarely fly Visual Flight Rules; and at the local Fixed-Base Operator I attempted to purchase the appropriate sectional chart for the grand canyon area. the Fixed-Base Operator had sold out of the sectional; so I purchased a World Aeronautical Chart chart and noticed that no crossing instructions for the canyon appeared on the chart. another pilot at the counter said that he had crossed the canyon on a number of occasions; and that the proper procedure for crossing from the n was to fly the 360 degree radial off the grand canyon VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at or above 10500 feet. accordingly; I flew over monument valley; then crossed lake powell n of the page VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. subsequently; I picked up the 360 degree radial of the GCN VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and flew toward the canyon. after a while I was able to receive the Automatic Terminal Information Service transmission from grand canyon airport; and; as instructed; I tuned in the approach frequency to announce my position and intention to land. this was approximately 20 mile from the airport; according to my Global Positioning System (the grand canyon VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range Distance Measuring Equipment was Out Of Service). there was very heavy traffic on the frequency; and I was unable to contact approach until I was approximately 11 mile from the airport. I announced my position and shortly the controller came back and asked my altitude. I replied that I was at 10500 feet. he then informed me that I was in a restrict area and that I should turn back and climb to 14500 feet before crossing the canyon. by this time I was at the S rim of the canyon and I explained this to the controller. he instructed me to fly to the airport and report over the runway at an altitude of 9500 feet. I did so and was subsequently given landing instructions. as I was departing; the ground controller asked for my name and certificate number and said that I should contact the Federal Aviation Administration in las vegas; which I have done this day. I would like to point out that I have 1400 hours as a private; instrument rated pilot and have never violated any other regulation. I would not have done so had the sectional chart been available; or had I not received incorrect instructions from another pilot,Communication Environment;Familiarity;Resource Deficiency
254705,CLBING right turn (to avoid thunderstorm) in moderate turbulence; overshot 10000 feet to 10200 feet. received Traffic Advisory on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II as another aircraft was in descent to 11000 feet. controller directed a left turn which was executed as we were just past the thunderstorm,Physical Environment
255238,FLT lax-SMF. left gate without receiving clearance. lax departure controller questioned squawk. Captain went over to clearance frequency and requested clearance. clearance questioned our position (of aircraft). continued flight to SMF. poor crew coordination. on ground; the transponder code was set to 1200; departure altitude set to 2000 out of habit. no one double-checked transponder code was correct or briefed departure clearance. complacency,Attitude;Other
255750,CRUISING at FL410; mach .80 on J84 60 W den. previous conditions off and on light turbulence with light to moderate turbulence RPTED down through FL290. winds at 410 about 270/60. observed ACSL'S to S and was aware of turbulence Pilot Report SW of den. encountered severe wave action resulting in AIRSPD fluctuations to in excess of .86 mach (accompanied by OVERSPD warning) followed by rapid deceleration to 200 Knots Indicated Airspeed. only light turbulence encountered; began descent without clearance from Air Traffic Control as stall was believed imminent. Air Traffic Control was notified of descent and cleared flight to FL370 as it was transitioning FL400. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II was available and in use and helped establish clear track for descent (no conflicts were involved). when aircraft accelerated; idle power and full speed brakes would not slow aircraft out of OVERSPD regime at assigned altitude. as aircraft subsequently slowed; maximum cruise power would not accelerate the aircraft and it was feared that downstream turbulence might cause a stall. a descent was initiated to regain safe flying speed. First Officer had RPTED FL410 winds as 270/006. as plane entered acceleration phase of encounter; flight continued to destination cruising at FL370 till well E of den where climb to FL410 was executed. winds at FL410 E of den were in the 270/60 range again,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
256258,BOTH Captain and First Officer were totally unfamiliar with the loupe 8 departure out of SJC airport. the First Officer; who is fairly new; had however; studied the departure plate the previous evening and had a good idea of the procedure. the First Officer was flying and upon reaching the 1.8 Distance Measuring Equipment off SJC VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; began his right turn (as depicted) to a 120 degree heading within 4 Distance Measuring Equipment of SJC. at this point; the Captain misread the departure plate and persuaded the First Officer that he should be on the 339 degree radial outbound for the sacramento transition. we turned back to the left to intercept the 339 degree radial and had gone out to perhaps 7 or 8 Distance Measuring Equipment before the bay departure controller asked where we were going. we told him; then he pointed out the error of our way; turned us back se to rejoin. no apparent conflict resulted. we were lucky that nothing worse resulted from this cockpit resource management lapse. the departure procedure is confusing; however; for a first-time user. it only becomes readily apparent that everyone must turn SEBOUND after reading all the fine print very carefully. I think the procedure should be re-drawn so as to be clearer to a first-time user,Familiarity;Other;Proficiency
256864,DECISION was made to land at maxwell field based on conversations with friends who had used this field. at the time; I was returning from a cross country flight from junction; TX. flight plan filed with san angelo; closed with dallas when decision made to land at maxwell rather than tyler pounds field. I monitored Automatic Terminal Information Service with current Automatic Terminal Information Service information (just changed) with runways 4; 35 active and winds RPTED at 018 degree. fly-over of maxwell showed an apparent crosswind to the 30-12 runway alignment. based on Automatic Terminal Information Service information and unable to raise maxwell UNICOM; decision to land on 30 was made without realizing it was downhill. wind change kept the airplane airborne longer than anticipated; but low AIRSPD prevented consideration for go around. soft field also came into consideration. at very low speed; airplane (under control) went straight off end of runway and propeller struck a fence post. NOSEWHEEL collapsed and airplane slowly nosed over. no injuries or property damage. airplane towed back to hangar. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states he had no intention of landing at maxwell; just wanted to check out the airport with possibility of moving aircraft there. the runway is asphalt with sod grown over it. it had rained the day before and run-off was not good. sod was quite wet and slick. there are wires across road at approach end and RPTR feels he may have stayed a bit higher than usual and that is why he floated for a distance. if runway had been 5 feet longer he would have been ok. also winds were shifting greatly. he used Automatic Terminal Information Service from tyler field but flew overhead the maxwell runway to check winds and decide on best approach. discovered after the fact that left brake was not holding at all; so his stopping ability was also hampered,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
259315,ON ground to PWM we selected gear down; nothing happened. we recycled the gear down; again nothing. leaving the handle in the down position; we initiated a go around and pulled out the quick reference handbook. after reviewing what we would do; we started the checklist. the inhibit switch cover was moved and down the gear came normally to our surprise. we reviewed the rest of the checklist; but finding the gear down normally with gear doors closed and all green lights; we elected not to finish the checklist verbatim as this would; I felt; not accomplish anything else. the gear was down. we landed uneventfully not declaring an emergency. upon mechanical investigation it was determined that the inhibit switch had some screws that were loose. they were subsequently tightened and a SIGNOFF was completed after we test flew the aircraft in a maintenance acceptance flight,Resource Deficiency
259769,APCHING PITTZ outer marker at 3000 feet Mean Sea Level and 180 Knots assigned I was given a wake turbulence warning of an LGT Y 3 mile ahead. before the controller finished giving the warning my aircraft rolled rapidly into a 60 degree left bank. aircraft was on Auto-Pilot with 15 degree flaps selected. Auto-Pilot was unable to stop roll; I took control and it still took several seconds to level the wings and get the nose back to the horizon. altitude loss was 500-700 feet. the scary part was that aircraft did not recover immediately and after I got it recovered; I did not know where other aircraft was and if I would encounter additional wake turbulence. flew remainder of approach 1 Department Of Transportation left and encountered minor wake turbulence 2 other times during the approach. Automatic Terminal Information Service information was XA29Z -x 12 overcast 1 1/2 snow 26/21 2814 altimeter 29.51. human factors: Federal Aviation Administration Air Traffic Control personnel are aware of the LGT Y wake turbulence problem and that the aircraft should be classified as a heavy aircraft and appropriate separation provided. warnings/separation must be given in time for corrective action to be taken and controllers must realize that in Instrument Meteorological Conditions pilots have few options to avoid wake turbulence,Physical Environment;Pressure;Resource Deficiency
260266,PF was the First Officer receiving initial operating experience. after routine river visual and landing to runway 18 at DCA; the Captain (line check airman) took control of the aircraft at approximately 80 Knots Indicated Airspeed. as he assumed control; DCA tower instructed us to turn off at the next right turnoff or roll to the end. at the time we received the instruction we were passing 'Fahrenheit' taxiway and interpreted the next right turn as runway 21. the First Officer read back the clearance as the Captain began a turn onto runway 21. the tower controller recognized that we were turning onto 21 and immediately sent a landing air carrier Y around on runway 21. I believe the controller misjudged the pace of events and should have instructed us to simply roll to the end. the entire event took place very quickly (a few seconds) and both crew members interpreted the tower'S instruction the same way. fortunately; the First Officer'S READBACK included specifically what we intended to do and; fortunately; the tower controller recognized immediately that we had not interpreted his instructions correctly and initiated the go around,Pressure;Proficiency
260763,THE copilot noticed clear fluid dripping from left engine cowling. attempted an engine run-up then shut down left engine. fluid still dripping from left engine. opened left engine cowling to find approximately 1 quart of water draining out of left cowling. closed and secured cowling; fluid stopped dripping. continued flight to honolulu with no further incident. supplemental information from ACN 260431: the emergency rescue person said he would get his ladder and we could pop the 4 latches on the bottom cowling and take a look. the Captain permitted this. the Captain recalled the aircraft had been washed the night before. the Captain allowed the rescue person to latch the 4 points on the cowling and the Captain checked it for security. the occurrence may have been considered maintenance and was not performed by a company mechanic,Resource Deficiency
261116,ON CLBOUT of KSJC; cleared direct to sac and passing FL170 (approximately); Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II issued a Traffic Advisory. as Pilot Flying; I observed target on navigate display at about 1 O'clock and plus 500 feet amber. looked outside the aircraft and determined to be Instrument Meteorological Conditions. at that time Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II issued a Resolution Advisory. I discontinued Auto-Pilot and performed procedure as per cockpit operating manual. this called for a 1500 Feet Per Minute descent after attempting to clear airspace below. after receiving 'clear of traffic'; I returned aircraft to climb to conform with existing Air Traffic Control clearance. brief discussion with Air Traffic Control indicated (by air traffic controller working frequency) that separation was legal. supplemental information from ACN 261061: climbing through approximately 17000 feet for our second altitude of FL190. find it surprising that we would get an Resolution Advisory with legal separation. hooray for Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II! nice to know our modern technology works,Other
261909,WHILE being vectored for an Instrument Landing System 23L approach at CLE; 3 consecutive aircraft reported a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory. there were no observed targets within 5 mile of the aircraft receiving the Resolution Advisory. workload increased to a point that an error in communication (read-back error) was experienced with a different aircraft (no loss of separation occurred),Communication Environment;Other
262224,ON approach into ATL at 11000 feet 210 Knots; approach control advised of traffic at 12 O'clock; 6 mile; climbing to 10000 feet. shortly thereafter; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II target turned red with aural warning to 'climb; climb'. IVSI gauge showed 1/4 inch green arc at top starting at 2500 Feet Per Minute up. I climbed; topping out at 12300 feet and RPTED my action to approach control. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II showed 700 feet altitude difference,Other
262737,DURING descent to BTR somewhere below 10000 feet Mean Sea Level it sounded like a runaway propeller and had no power. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the analyst had asked the RPTR to send a supplemental report detailing more of the event. to 5/6/94 this report has not been received. on the callback the RPTR simply stated that the power levers were somehow placed into the 'flight idle' regime and that; after 6 minutes; the Auto-Pilot disconnected. the runaway propeller sound occurred at the same time. some reference was made to the 'beta lights' not giving the proper warning to the RPTR who was the Pilot Flying. RPTR had been with the air carrier for 9 YRS and was terminated over their incident,Resource Deficiency
263168,A dispatcher for a major united states air carrier RPTS his heroics in guiding a giant airliner across the atlantic to a safe landing at ATL; its scheduled destination. the aircraft; an unspecified WDB with no number of ENGS stated; blew a tire and destroyed a wheel on takeoff from LGW. the pieces of the wheel showed that it was wheel 1F. parts of the brakes and engine cowling were found on the runway. appropriate procedures were followed to set up continuous communication with the aircraft and the decision was made to continue across the water. communication was reestablished over CONUS allowing a management pilot to get into the act. a chase plane was sent aloft to verify that the aircraft was in good order. the dispatcher landed the aircraft in ATL without any help from the Flight Crew,Resource Deficiency
265496,FUEL doors were checked closed and latched by First Officer after refueling. during takeoff roll; service door light illuminated then went out after abort. 1 of 2 latches (screw cam mechanism) had separated from door and was missing. aircraft had been deiced prior to takeoff,Resource Deficiency
266037,UPON PUSHBACK; during engine start; senior flight attendant informed so that she picked up a small box given to her by a passenger sitting in aisle seat. she placed box in forward galley and made 2 Public Address announcements and could not locate owner of box. Captain asked her to bring box to cockpit. so observed that the tape on the outside of the box was loose and the box was open. all 3 cockpit crew members observed the contents to be video tapes. each tape was examined and was then placed back into the box. the flight continued to DCA uneventfully. at the gate; during deplaning; an irate passenger entered the cockpit and expressed his displeasure with the Captain for not returning to the gate at LGA and calling proper AUTHS. by this time; unknown to the Flight Crew; the flight attendants were in a real panic. they thought the cockpit crew was ignoring them and we had a total lack of consideration for procedures. to make a longitude story short; in no way did we; the cockpit crew; have any clue that the flight attendants were upset or did we consider for a moment that this box was a threat - - since it was opened and the contents observed. I would suggest that air carrier'S emphasize in stronger terms that good cockpit resource management require individuals to express themselves more fully and not assume that CAPTS can read minds. I might add; that this box was claimed in DCA by a man sitting at the window seat next to the individual who picked it up and gave it to the flight attendant. supplemental information from ACN 266036: flew trip normally to DCA only to find that flight attendants were in a panic thinking we were flying with a suspected bomb. I never realized this until we reached the gate. better communications between the flight attendant and Captain would have prevented this situation,Other;Preoccupation
266464,DUE to strong winds and light to moderate turbulence; a lower altitude of FL220 was requested; and shortly a descent clearance to FL220 was received from Air Traffic Control. the aircraft was being flown on Auto-Pilot with the soft ride function of the pitch axis engaged due to the turbulence flight conditions. at the time of the requested lower altitude our flight level was FL240. upon receipt of a clearance to FL220; a descent was initiated on Auto-Pilot by selecting FL220 on the altitude selector/ALERTER control and depressing of the descent mode button on the Auto-Pilot control panel; which initiated a standard profile descent rate from the Auto-Pilot descent profile program. while monitoring the descent and upon leaving FL230; the altitude encoder readout on the transponder control head was observed to be in error by a 300 feet difference between the readout and the indicated altitude of the altimeter. the #2 encoder was selected in order to troubleshoot and verify and further discrepancy on the altitude/transponder/encoder system. the Auto-Pilot overshot the altitude level out by 200 feet; and then returned the aircraft to FL220 after a gentle ROUNDOUT; which is a normal occurrence in turbulent flight conditions with the soft ride function engaged. at the time of LEVELOFF; Air Traffic Control advised that we check our altitude; which at the time was FL220; with altitude hold engaged and displayed on the Auto-Pilot/flight director ANNUNCIATOR panels. the reason for the submission of this report is in order to not be charged with the altitude deviation event that did not occur. the probable cause for Air Traffic Control notifying of the altitude discrepancy was due to having switched from encoder 1 to encoder 2 during the descent as described herein; and the slight overshoot on LEVELOFF by the Auto-Pilot. in conclusion; the described above events is positive proof that in today'S times of electronics and computers; no system is foolproof and that erroneous discrepancies do occur for which the pilot is neither responsible or accountable for due to electronic 'glitches' in the system and equipment,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
267984,I had as a passenger on this trip an elderly gentleman who is suffering from ALZHEIMER'S disease. he does love to go flying with me but because he is somewhat unpredictable; I normally put him in the back seat. this day I planned to show him a friend'S house which was in heavily wooded and somewhat mountainous terrain. I have been to this place several times via automatic and the number of houses and other buildings that I passed were so few that I considered this as 'other than congested area.' navigate was by Global Positioning System which took me directly to his place; and the minimum altitudes specified in Federal Aviation Regulation 91.119 (Celsius) were adhered to. we made 1 circle above the general area; and then departed the same direction from which we came. during the circle I noticed a short distance beyond my friends house on the road that I normally traveled was a cluster of several houses in a somewhat more cleared area. probably a development of some sort. since this could possibly be considered a 'settlement' and therefore become a 'congested area;' then of course higher minimum altitudes would be required. at one time I would regard everything on the sectional chart that was not in yellow as UNCONGESTED area; but it occurs to me that this may not be correct. I plan to be at a flight instructor clinic later this month and it will be a topic I hope to bring up. although this flight was entirely outside of the class B airspace surrounding IAD; it was within the 30 mile mode Celsius ring. when I was securing the avionics at the conclusion of this flight; the transponder was already turned off. how it got that way I can only guess; but my passenger definitely goes in the back seat next time,Other
268416,RECEIVED Automatic Terminal Information Service information prior to taxi; official weather was indefinite; 300 feet and 3/4 mile fog. takeoff minimums for CRG are 3/4 for company. checked in with ground for taxi and clearance with Automatic Terminal Information Service information. ground issued clearance and taxi instructions to runway 32. I was not advised of any significant changes in weather. short of 32 I called for departure. tower obtained release and cleared me for takeoff without advising me of significant changes in weather. I taxied onto runway and initiated takeoff roll. another aircraft called for takeoff as I was rolling and tower advised other aircraft visibility was 1/2 mile. new weather was recorded at XX07 local; my departure time. I considered aborting takeoff but by this time aborting takeoff would not be in the interest of safety. I had just about reached VFR Military Training Routes and was on a critically short runway (4000 feet). my question is if I have initiated takeoff and new weather comes out after I'Mach Number on the roll which is below minimums; can I continue? weather came out as I was already rolling -- tower only advised other aircraft; not me,Physical Environment
268928,DURING CLBOUT from TUP airport we overshot our assigned altitude by 500 feet. contributing factors are crew fatigue due to longitude duty days and our company has a waiver for sterile cockpit below 10000 feet and not in cruise. to explain fatigue our duty day was 13.6 hours and 8.3 hours of flying time. for the week we had 50.8 duty in 5 days and 27.1 flight time in the same period. this is in the JETSTREAM 31 which has 'no' Auto-Pilot and 'no' altitude alert system. a severe weather system had just cleared our section of the country with tornadoes; hail; thunderstorms; and severe winds during that WKEND. per our g.O.Mach Number. we can make calls to company in a sterile cockpit environment along with monitoring company frequencies. this takes your attention away from duties at hand and I think that should be changed,Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Preoccupation;Proficiency
269464,INSTRUCTOR and pilot were doing local traffic pattern. after takeoff the pilot turned downwind. AIRSPD was too high to lower gear abeam tower so it was not put down at the proper time. pilot started to be blown by wind toward the runway at which time I started to tell him to turn away and move away from runway. as pilot started to turn OPS Base Operations Office leg he became blown into the final approach course of the other parallel runway. after correcting the situation and realigning with our runway (16R); we crossed the threshold to land. as I looked to see a gear down indication with indicator light there was none. I proceed to tell pilot to go around 4 times. as I attempted to advance the throttles we touched down on the runway. on previous times around the traffic pattern a PRELNDG checklist on the instrument panel was used. on the last flight around the traffic pattern gear extension was delayed because of high AIRSPD but never RECHKED. gear indicator should have been checked on OPS Base Operations Office leg; but pilot became preoccupied with correcting for overshooting the runway. no flap warning horn sound because this was to be a no flap landing. no warning horn for reduced power was heard either,Physical Environment;Preoccupation
271837,THE incident occurred on CLBOUT from MSP. a master caution message was received indicating that #3 brake temperature was at 680 degree. a brief discussion with the First Officer ensued and we both felt it was an erroneous message. to be conservative we obtained a descent clearance to 10000 and extended the landing gear in descent. shortly after extension the amber 680 indication changed to green and 80 degree. we climbed back up to cruise altitude; checked fuel; contacted dispatch; and proceeded routinely to SNA. landing at SNA; the #3 brake temperature indicator operated normally; providing temperature information similar to the other 3 brake indicators. in other words; the airplane was operating normally; there was no squawk or problem to write up. there had been no other messages or anything non-routine during the 3 hours of remaining cruise to SNA. I mentioned the indicator problem to the waiting MECHS (doing a daily check I presume); but made no logbook WRITEUP. I did make the effort to contact the Flight Crew taking the airplane outbound to notify them of the false warning. in retrospect; I can see where the argument could be made for a logbook WRITEUP so an official record could be built in the company computer system. there was no history of similar problems on the airplane. my concern is the lack of a logbook WRITEUP,Resource Deficiency
272247,WE were given intermediate level off of FL230 by SEL departure and handed off to TAEGU control 126.9. First Officer called TAEGU and they gave us unknown traffic at 12 O'clock 10 mile FL236 followed quickly by traffic at 12 O'clock FL234. I told First Officer to request lateral separation and they cleared us immediately FL370. I pushed throttles to the stops and started an immediate rapid climb to FL370 just as Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave us our first 'traffic; traffic.' First Officer visually acquired aircraft and told me to break left; which I did rapidly to 30 degree of bank still climbing. at this time; we got a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory to 'descend; descend.' we were already above FL240 (estimated FL245) when the Resolution Advisory came on and his last RPTED altitude was 234. since we had him visually we continued our evasive climb and turn. on rolling out; the First Officer indented the aircraft as a military S-3A about 500 to 1000 feet below us and approximately 1/2 mile to the right. he was on the airway not in contact with the TAEGU control. supplemental information from ACN 272270: I got a visual on the traffic which was co-altitude; 3-4 mile; 12 O'clock. I instructed the Captain; 'break left.' he aggressively maneuvered the aircraft left; and when I was assured we had lateral separation from bogey; I called for him to reverse to the right so I could see the bogey aircraft. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory was advising after the left maneuver to 'descend; descend;' which was definitely the wrong thing to do as we had power on the aircraft. a descent by us would have exacerbated the near miss situation,Other
272683,DURING landing; I made a normal crosswind approach and during recovery from what started to be a ground loop. I had to add power to keep the plane under CTRL. at that time my only option was to continue straight ahead through the grass; between the taxiway and the runway. tower asked if we needed assistance. we declined because there were no problems. I would like to say that pontiac rescue was very quick to react. supplemental information from ACN 272828: while practicing crosswind LNDGS in a TAILWHEEL type aircraft; my student and I allowed the airplane to leave the runway and enter the grass between the runway 27L and delta taxiway at PTK airport. the incident was caused by insufficient control deflection during the ground roll. no damage was done to the aircraft or airport environment,Other
273173,UPON handoff from ZMA to mia approach; approach gave us a heading to join runway 30 localizer. we deviated around several level 2-4 thunderstorms along localizer course. approach asked us to say AIRSPD of 200 Knots and maintain that speed. we were advised that we were in trail of a 757 inbound to mia. approach advised 757 to keep speed up at approximately 6-7 Nautical Mile from airport. we acquired a visual on runway 30. we were asked to slow to 190 Knots then 170 Knots because 757 slowed to 140 Knots. the spacing on our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II showed us 2 1/2 - 3 Nautical Mile in trail. the controller advised 757 to pick the speed up -- the response was in broken english. upon handoff to tower; I maintained a higher than normal glide path to stay above the 757 wake. the 757 landed longitude approximately 3000-3500 feet down the runway. the tower advised them to expedite off the runway. the 757 only slowed to a crawl and taxied the last 1500 feet; not using a taxiway he could have used. he crawled to the very end and slowed to VREF approximately 2 1/2 Nautical Mile and maintained trying to give him the spacing. the tower told us we were still cleared to land. I continued and landed. the tail of the 757'S aircraft appeared to possibly still be over the runway edge boundary marking! I recommend that the S american air carriers teach their pilots better english speaking skills. this is not the first time I've had their pilots not understanding CLRLY what was being said to them in a hurry! they just did whatever they wanted to with no real understanding of how they are affecting the aircraft flow into that airport. the controller should have maintained better spacing and emphasized that more CLRLY instead of allowing the 757 to put my flight in a bind,Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Pressure
273589,WE departed our gate area for taxi out for takeoff to CLE. our ramp tower cleared us to taxi to spot x and contact MEM ground control when #1. when we arrived #1 at x; we called ground and they cleared us to runway 18L to 'follow the 9.' the only other aircraft moving was a 727 company plane crossing right in front of us. a few seconds later; ground came back and said 'I guess that'S a '27.' we acknowledged we had the '27 and we were cleared to follow. After crossing runway 27 on taxiway S; ground controller called and asked if we were clear. we replied we were. when I looked back on departure end of runway 27; it appeared an aircraft had aborted its takeoff roll (they HADN't gone very Federal Aviation Regulation). the Automatic Terminal Information Service called 2 mile and fog; but a light rain and mist had started since we left the blocks. possible causes: 1) short taxi route. 2) takeoff n a crossing runway. in our normal operation we do not use runway 27 due to heavy taxi operations. 3) mist and rain reduced visibility from the tower. 4) lots of radio traffic on MEM ground control. 5) controller'S confusion over aircraft at x. 6) too many radio frequency changes on a short taxi route. 7) CHKLISTS; radios and congestion -- all at once. none of the crew heard a hold short clearance and none was read back to the ground controller. he; too; should have caught the mistake if he wanted us to hold clear of an active runway. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTING Captain states that his air carrier'S safety officer was able to listen to the tapes of this incident. the RPTR was not allowed to listen to the tapes. the tapes proved that the tower issued hold short instructions twice; but the RPTR'S aircraft did not acknowledge either transmission. the aircraft on the runway was not taking off but taxiing with all of its lights on. there may have been training going on in the tower. the RPTR has heard nothing from the Federal Aviation Administration. he believes that the tower is ready to share the blame and that his air carrier'S safety officer has smoothed over the incident. supplemental information from ACN 274006: I don't specifically remember a clearance to cross runway 27 en route to 18R. MEM ground then informed us that we had been told to hold short of runway 27. I am positive I did not repeat back any clearance to hold short of the runway,Communication Environment;Other;Physical Environment;Proficiency;Taskload
273955,WHILE approaching the traffic pattern at key west international airport; I attempted to lower the landing gear. when the gear switch was put down; all lighted displays on the instrument panel went dark; as if the electrical system was short-circuited. the gear failed to go down and lock; as indicated by the lack of any green gear lights. I requested permission from the tower to depart the pattern and orbit outside the actual time Of arrival. I circled for an hour attempting to lower the gear; following procedures in the pilot operating handbook; pulling the gear circuit breaker; resetting it; and operating the gear switch about 15 times. there was no response other than a shorting of the electrical system when the gear switch was put down. I then attempted to lower the gear by the emergency backup system. I followed the checklist; pulling the gear circuit breaker; applying flaps and slowing the airplane to recommended speed. the 2 main wheels indicated down and locked by 2 green lights. the nose gear did not indicate down. I requested permission to fly-by for visual inspection; and the tower RPTED that the NOSEWHEEL appeared not completely down and locked. I attempted to shake the gear down by maneuvering; but to no avail. after being cleared to land; I rolled the main wheels on; slowed the airplane and allowed the nose to settle. the NOSEWHEEL had failed to lock and the nose settled onto the runway; damaging the propeller and lower cowl. the problem appears to have been caused by a malfunction in both the landing gear power pack and the emergency extension system. the power pack had been overhauled 2 months earlier. I believe these system should be reviewed by the AIRFRAME maker; and appropriate cautions or remedial action taken. callback conversation with reporter revealed the following: the owner pilot of this aircraft is 'an electronics and avionics type mechanic. the aircraft is a TB-20 trinidad built by AEROSPATIALE. the landing gear is raised and held in the up position by a hydraulic system that is electrically driven. when the gear is up; limit switches turn off the electrical pump. the RPTR believes that the switches were out of adjustment causing the pump to try to lift the gear when it was already up. the main gear; in the emergency operation; FREEFALLS and is pushed down by the wind. the nose gear falls forward into the wind. it is assisted by 2 'gas rods.' at each 100 hour inspection; one of the gas rods must be disconnected and the other must be able to lock the nose gear in place. the RPTR believes that the gas rods have finally worn out after 10 YRS of flight. this supposition is backed by having to replace the gas rods that assist in opening the gull wing passenger entrance doors. a service bulletin regarding the emergency landing gear operation has been issued and complied with. the local Flight Standards District Office is aware of this incident. the RPTR is now aware of the Federal Aviation Administration aviation safety hot line,Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency
274288,I flew form salinas; CA; to longitude beach; SNS; PASO robles camarillo; lax; LGB; and planned to use the Visual Flight Rules corridor at lax. when I arrived and approached lax Terminal Control Area; the corridor looked impassable at 3500 feet. I looked at my Missed Approach Point and saw tops of Terminal Control Area at 7000 feet. I climbed up to 7500 feet and flew over (I thought) the Terminal Control Area to the outer edge next to LGB and let down and landed. I had a current area Missed Approach Point; but had picked up an old area Missed Approach Point with the lower top and used it. I DIDN't purposely violate this airspace. I am taking class on instruments. I need to throw out old maps,Resource Deficiency
274664,WHILE taxiing for takeoff at LGA; we were unable to get a start valve light on engine #3. after talking to maintenance via radio; we returned to the hangar line. a mechanic plugged into INTERPHONE to determine our problem. he then unplugged. the next communication I heard was on the First Officer'S overhead speaker. it was a mechanic advising us to start engine #3 and that if it DIDN't start; we would taxi to a gate to change the starter. the start valve light DIDN't illuminate. a mechanic then drove from behind the airplane to a point off the nose. we could see he was speaking into his radio. on our radio; we were being told to start engine #1 and #2 and find ourselves a gate. the truck then drove out of our way. after ramp control cleared us to gate x; we began to taxi. after about 50 feet; the truck drove in front of us; the mechanic jumped out and gave us an immediate stop signal. after we stopped; the mechanic plugged in and told us that we had taxied with the engine #3 cowl open; a stand under the engine and 2 MECHS on the stand. no one was injured. no property was damaged. I believe this incident occurred because: 1) complacency between cockpit and mechanic; 2) Captain allowing nonstandard communications (Very High Frequency radio rather than INTERPHONE); 3) interpreting clearance to start ENGS #1 and #2; find a gate; then the truck driving out of our way as the maintenance all clear. a visual hand salute is standard. supplemental information from ACN 274401: air carrier has given the responsibility of marshalling aircraft to the gate to the baggage handlers. when an aircraft returns to the gate area; there may be as many as 5 separate agencies involved with handling that aircraft; IE.; ground control; ramp control; maintenance; baggage; crew. all of which are not in communication with each other nor are they fully aware of the function of the others involved,Attitude;Resource Deficiency
274739,AFTER takeoff from runway 9L at FLL a faint smell; like that of just lit matches; was evident in the cockpit. at about 5000 feet the copilot donned his oxygen mask while I continued to LFY the aircraft and the engineer began investigating the smell. after checking all the circuit breakers and turning the cockpit lights on to check for smoke; it was decided to turn on the second air conditioning pack. soon after the second pack (the right one) was started; smoke became evident in the cockpit to the extent that an immediate return to FLL was deemed in our best interest. at approximately 14000 feet and 40 mile NE of FLL; we declared an emergency; donned our oxygen masks and requested; and received; immediate vectors back to FLL. because of the unknown nature of the smoke; the desire to land as soon as possible and our proximity to our intended landing; I elected to make an OVERWT landing (approximately 6000 pounds). after our landing on runway 27R; we were met by the airport emergency equipment. after exiting the runway and assessing the situation; I determined we could safely taxi the aircraft and requested the emergency equipment to follow us to the ramp. after some investigation; maintenance determined the cause of the smoke and odor to be a faulty gasper fan. the fan was confirmed to be the cause and was deferred. after further maintenance checks for the OVERWT landing; we departed again and had no further incidents. of all the factors involved in our handling the situation; one of the most surprising was the adverse effect the oxygen masks had on our performance. this was the first time in 15 YRS of commercial flying I had to use the masks and; even though I regularly check the mask and am familiar with its use; I found using it to be other than second nature. I can only conclude that all the training I have been through was deficient when it came to using the masks. almost always the use of the masks in the simulator is 'simulated' for comfort sake and is not worn and because of that I feel I was ill prepared for the adversity it presented us while we tried to deal with a real situation,Resource Deficiency
275151,FK100 aircraft with Electronic Flight Instrument System in descent to cross BILIT intersection at 11000 feet for DCA. approach questioned altitude. Captain side showed 11750 feet descending and 3 Nautical Mile from BILIT. my side (First Officer) showed 900 feet higher. Captain leveled at 11000 feet on his altimeter; XCHKED both altimeter settings and Captain'S was set at 28- 29 not 29-80 as it should have read. Captain then leveled at 11000 feet and was then given further descent. I am sure that 29.80 had been set in both Liquid Crystal Display windows. also the previous altimeter setting was 29.78 which would only require a slight turn of the knob. on the ground we turned the knob to see how much you would have to turn it to reach from 29.80 to 28.90 and it took about 5-6 full spins of the knob. we both feel that this was not the cause; but that the Liquid Crystal Display changed or skipped from a 9 to an 8. there was no traffic conflict in crossing BILIT 1000 feet high and the Captain did report the problem to maintenance in DCA. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: Flight Crew had aircraft change after this incident and were not able to follow up at the time. RPTR states that Captain called dispatch at end of day to determine what maintenance had found. apparently they could find nothing abnormal. distressing to Flight Crew as they had tried to recreate the condition and one would have to turn too many revolutions to not be aware of the extreme setting change. RPTR has experienced such glitches of the Light Emitting Diode switching to the next digit inadvertently but never with the altimeter. he has not heard of this happening to any other Flight Crew or any other aircraft. this aircraft is equipped with a system whereby one pushes a button when FL180 on climb or descent to reset the altimeter to setting placed in lower area. this setting is part of the descent checklist and Flight Crew knows they placed correct setting because other altimeter and standby altimeter had the correct numbers,Resource Deficiency
275715,IN process of departing MGM for BNA. as aircraft was close to gross weight; and because of high ambient temperatures; automatic power reserve was required for takeoff. automatic power reserve use involves a test of that system plus the torque/temperature limiter computer prior to flight. these tests are normally done on the runway just before commencing the takeoff roll. tower was advised that we needed a short period prior to takeoff. flight was cleared 'in position and hold; advise when ready.' we taxied into position and did the tests. when the checks were done the power was at 65 percent. at that point the First Officer announced 'before takeoff check complete.' without a thought to our clearance I advanced the power to takeoff setting and commenced the roll. well into the roll the tower said 'cleared for takeoff.' at that point we realized we had rolled without a clearance. cause of incident: INATTN. 2 factors contributed: 1) habit pattern broken. I do not normally advise the tower of a need to delay in position as the automatic power reserve and TTL checks take no more than 30-40 seconds to complete. once takeoff clearance is received; I run the checks and go. 2) fatigue. both crew members were tired and had commented earlier on how tiring the day had been. I had been awakened at approximately 13 hours prior and informed of the assignment. my day involved a DEADHEAD from RDU to BNA then 3 legs; BNA-OWB-BNA-MGM. throughout the period aircraft cabin had been in high 80'S to low 90'S degree Fahrenheit. cockpit is usually warmer but there is no gauge to tell what temperature is there. flight conditions were not a factor but longitude exposure to heat was. in this regard; the company does not have sufficient cooling equipment. saab'S and F17R'S have priority. as a result; JETSTREAMS often are dispatched with cockpits/cabins above 85 degree Fahrenheit. in our case; left bleed air system was out of commission. this contributed to lower than normal cooling once ENGS were started. on board FREON unit is in rear of aircraft and does little to cool cockpit. prolonged exposure to high temperatures takes its toll on crew alertness. it is also worth noting that when you are uncomfortable -- and we were -- that one'S mind tends to focus on relieving the discomfort. in this case; getting airborne as soon as possible to let the bleed air system work better,Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Preoccupation
277044,ON an instrument training flight from 48V to FNL and return in piston helicopter; we experienced an engine failure during hover. it was determined that the engine quit due to fuel starvation. during PREFLT I checked the fuel tanks with a dipstick and determined that there was 28 gallons and returned the dipstick to another helicopter. on the return flight; we became concerned with the fuel level. according to the helicopter operator it burns 12.4 gallons per hour. on this point he is adamant. using that figure we determined that we should have 1.8 hours flight time with reserves. after only 1.3 hours; the fuel level was indicating under 30 pounds. we decided to make a precautionary landing at an airport community. we were able to locate a resident; who came out and turned on the 100 low lead fuel pump. the pump was of the type where all the numbers are white on black with no decimal point. I asked if the pump read in tenths or gallons and he replied gallons. being as both pilots are use to high capacity fuel pumps used in turbine operations; we did not find this curious. I dispensed 12 gallons and we secured the pump and departed. it was later determined that the pump reads in tenths and that we had only taken 1.2 gallons during refueling. during post maintenance check FLTS it was also determined that the helicopter was burning 16 gallons per hour and not 12.4 gallons per hour as was previously RPTED. contributing factors were: turbine pilots use to high capacity fuel system; failure to verify fuel delivered with a dipstick and erroneous fuel consumption calculations. the corrective action has been to obtain and carry a fuel dipstick and calculate flight times based on 16 gallons per hour,Familiarity;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
277532,WHILE spraying a field with a PWRLINE through it; on the last pass underneath the wire; the airplane ballooned up and the vertical stabilizer contacted the PWRLINE. there was little damage to the stabilizer so I was able to go back to the airport (CHORMAN'S airport) and land safely. the wire extends across the whole width of the field so to spray the field the best way it'S necessary to go under the wire. operating under wires is common in this business; but this wire is much lower than most; therefore there is little room for error. the conditions this evening were not the best due to heat and wind; but the former needed it sprayed as soon as possible. due to conditions and the HT of the wire; this field should have been sprayed in a different manner or sprayed when the conditions were better,Pressure
278017,CAPT and myself taxied out to runway to check the extent of thunderstorm coverage around the acy area for ferry flight to PHL. during taxi; ground control advised us that we had a stuck microphone for about 4 minutes as we taxied and checked weather radar onboard. Captain and myself discussed weather and probability of a departure. we also discussed the possible cause of the stuck microphone and actions we would take if radio problems occurred en route. we decided to depart and RPTED the lack of convective activity to ground controller and 3 company aircraft awaiting our Pilot Report. after receiving takeoff clearance; we once again checked weather radar on departure path; then advised tower we were starting the takeoff roll. tower acknowledged all our communication. as we rotated; our 'hot mikes' failed and when asked to contact departure we (Captain) acknowledged and noticed transmit ANNUNCIATOR did not extinguish on radio. Captain was unable to raise departure and asked me to relinquish controls and become Pilot Not Flying. I; too; was unable to contact departure. Captain advised we would return to the field as planned; in event of communication failure. as Captain circled airfield for left traffic; I continued to attempt radio contact with tower and ground controllers. microphone was sticking intermittently; but communication was not possible. I advised Captain to look for light gun signal and heard tower clear us to land. Captain overshot runway and made right 270 degree to REINTERCEPT successfully. on final; we saw green light gun and; after landing we again saw the steady green; and taxied to gate without incident. after discussion of events with Captain; we determined that radio compartment had been saturated as aircraft sat outside during storm (approximately 2 hours). this had caused the avionics problems. we were both pleased with our performance in returning to field. however; we agreed that it was a poor decision to attempt a takeoff after having radio problems in this situation. I have learned that certain sits require all equipment to be working perfectly -- like a departure into night Instrument Flight Rules with thunderstorms en route,Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
278411,FILED flight plan DXD; dunks; J70 PMM flight plan route. after takeoff given heading 310; intercept J70; flight plan route. left navigate armed to intercept J70. then received heading change to 330 to intercept which put us E of dunks and left navigate intercepted DXD direct dunks course; next we were given 350 degree heading for lear jet traffic. to complicate conditions; we were going through a line of building weather cells to the W of DXO that showed red on radar. we were really too close to SVM to program all the changes on the Flight Management Computer. we should not have accepted the clearance and asked for vectors,Physical Environment
278507,A fast moving thunderstorm was moving through the macon airport. the Automated Surface Observation System seemed to lag about 10 minutes behind actual conditions at the airport. at XX00 the Automated Surface Observation System XMITTED a special observation of 10 scattered M22 broken 30 overcast 1/2 right-Fahrenheit; however the prevailing visibility from the tower was 7 mile. at XX28 air carrier x RPTED the airport in sight 10 mile n of the airport. the Automated Surface Observation System XMITTED a special observation at XX29 of 10 scattered M22 broken 30 overcast 3/4 4-Fahrenheit. observation at this particular time was incorrect. the weather about XX15Z might have had a visibility of 3/4 right-Fahrenheit but not at XX29Z. air carrier x had to be vectored 20 mile out of its way through scattered thunderstorms for the Instrument Landing System approach. it seems that the Automated Surface Observation System has a 13-15 lag behind actual weather conditions. the National Weather Service is unable to augment the visibility to show true conditions. this Automated Surface Observation System is unsafe due to this lag of the weather conditions. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated the automated surface observing system does not report the current weather. although the system is supposed to be updating the weather it will not augment itself to changing conditions. National Weather Service observers won't input the current weather when the tower asks for a special. National Weather Service observers will be transferred when Federal Aviation Administration accepts the system. region has stopped any further installation and acceptance of Automated Surface Observation System until problems can be worked out,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
278864,NOSE gear did not retract departing ATL. on departure from ATL Multi Functional Display Unit message. nose landing gear. recycled gear -- gear handle lights came back on and Multi Functional Display Unit message returned on retraction of gear. returned to ATL and made an OVERWT landing minus 90.6 pounds,Resource Deficiency
278966,WE were cleared for takeoff on runway 19L. after rotation the First Officer noticed a helicopter ahead and to our right (approximately 1 O'clock); and headed EBOUND. the First Officer called the traffic to my attention (which was obscured by windshield post) and we opted to begin a shallow left turn to provide separation from the traffic (since we were unaware of his intentions with respect to route of flight). the tower made no mention of the traffic. we called the tower and he (controller) apologized saying the helicopter had overshot his departure gate and he (the controller) had not seen the conflict in time to issue an advisory. as always; alertness in the terminal area is crucial and adherence to an assigned departure is a must unless circumstances prohibit doing so safely. this report has been read and submitted as a crew effort by the Captain and First Officer--thus only 1 copy is being submitted,Physical Environment;Proficiency
279310,BEGINNING the third leg of a duty day that approached 11 hours; after 2 legs of heavy thunderstorm deviations began final leg to domicile. exiting pit ramp received taxi clearance to runway 28L. after a quick look at the taxi diagram; and a rather lengthy discussion with the First Officer who was closely checking the diagram; we decided we understood the clearance and began taxiing. after moving approximately 150 yards we were informed that we had made the wrong approach to the desired taxiway -- no conflict occurred. the controller emphasized that we should question the clearance if clarification is needed; which is exactly the point -- 2 experienced pilots. one with the chart to their nose and a discussion with each other and what was considered a good decision. something is drastically wrong! 1) the signage at pit is more than inadequate. in many cases it is nonexistent. 2) the taxiway chart; because of the size limitations of 1 small sheet rather than the MULTI-fold version is lacking in adequate detail. 3) the controllers apparently assume anyone using their facility has the degree of local knowledge they possess. this RPTR feels compelled to say that pit is the next perfect place for an accident/incident like DTW experienced with the DC9-727 taxi/takeoff collision. something needs to be done about pit. the lack of adequate signs; information; and verbal communication are as bad as any place in the united states. should it happen; it would have been rather easy to prevent; other facilities do a Federal Aviation Regulation better job,Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
279735,CLBING through 5500 feet we heard a loud pop. the right engine rolled back and EGT went off scale hot. shutdown procedures were followed and an OVERWT landing was accomplished back at CLT,Resource Deficiency
280202,APPROX 40 Nautical Mile NE of CSN; ZDC told us to turn right to 260 degree to intercept J48. I advised center that a 260 degree heading would take us off the airway. they said we were S of course. I looked at our Missed Approach Point; which showed us on course. we did have 'direction' on our Missed Approach Point; so we did turn to 260 degree; updated our position off the CSN VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; and then went to navigate again. center then called to say we were S of course again. this time we corrected and flew the remainder of the flight using VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range/airway radials and used the 'Missed Approach Point' mode as a backup. no further incident occurred. I was not overly concerned; since all of the navigate problems could have been just on our aircraft. however; on wed/AUG/94 I flew the same flight again; and although I did not experience a navigate problem I heard ZDC talk with another aircraft that was 'off course.' this occurred near CSN VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. very strange. ZDC told this other aircraft; 'we have had a lot of trouble in this area.' my question is; is anybody doing anything about this navigate problem? callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTING Captain was flying LGA-TYS over CSN when this anomaly occurred. he thought nothing of it until he heard a controller say that it happens all of the time. the RPTR was flying the MD-88 with an AHARS instrumentation system. this is not an Inertial Navigation System or Inertial Reference System aircraft. the RPTR has not talked to other pilots flying through this area to see if Inertial Navigation System or Inertial Reference System aircraft have the same sort of navigate problems; according to the controllers,Resource Deficiency
280615,ON AUG/XX/94 at XA00 pm; my ATX dispatcher informed me (pilot) and observer that he had received a call RPTING a cessna 207 circling mab island at a low altitude in need of float plane assistance. we hopped into a cessna 206 AMPHIB and headed n up lynn canal. about 7 minutes after departing juneau; we established radio communications with lost pilot of the 207 and proceeded to his location. lost pilot was located at north island. in an effort to be CLRLY seen by the 207; we descended to approximately 100-150 feet. the 207 then spotted us and circled behind to follow. both planes then proceeded on to juneau. supplemental information from ACN 280616: before the flight to haines; I talked to pilot. he stated that his company had been running between haines and juneau. he indicated that the worst weather was better than 500-2 or 500-3 in one area in the lynn canal. weather at juneau was good Visual Flight Rules (2000 overcast; 10 mile visibility) and I departed. as soon as I got to lena point; I switched to 122.9 and started to inquire from other pilots in the lynn canal on the weather situation. the attitude on the radio was that the weather en route from haines to juneau on the E side of lynn canal was good. no one had turned around going in either direction while I was on 122.9. I proceeded n and was approaching mab island when I realized my present heading would not allow me to maintain Federal Aviation Regulation minimums. I did a 180 degree turn to return to juneau. it became obvious that weather had deteriorated behind me. I circled in an area just NE of benjamin island at 500 feet. the weather was deteriorating so I descended from 500-250 feet to remain Visual Meteorological Conditions. another pilot was able to contact my company; a company float plane came out to n island and I was able to follow him to better weather just 3 mile S; at eagle beach. the weather increased to above Federal Aviation Regulation minimums and I returned to juneau,Physical Environment
282043,WHILE configuring for approach; going from flaps 1 to flaps 2; we received Electronic Centralized Aircraft Monitoring message warning Fahrenheit/control flaps locked (flap wingtip brakes applied). cockpit operating manual and Electronic Centralized Aircraft Monitoring procedures were accomplished. I declared an emergency and landed on runway 16L. landing was uneventful except for higher true AIRSPD and GNDSPD. (slats were extended; flaps indicated zero degree). in retrospect; higher GNDSPD was very close to maximum tire speed for aircraft. Celsius.O.Mach Number. procedures called for an Indicated Air Speed of 148 Knots. Air Traffic Control said our actual GNDSPD was 200 Knots over the threshold. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that the aircraft was an A320 airbus. the flap problem was corrected by adjustment to the computer sensors and re-exercising the flaps. the aircraft was then REDISPATCHED with the same crew and no further trouble was noted,Resource Deficiency
282580,WE were on visual approach to runway 28L. a BOEING 747 was on visual to runway 28R. 1 1/4 mile ahead of us per SFO tower CALLOUT earlier. aircraft which had just landed on runway 28R ahead of the 747 was slow to clear the runway. when we were 3 mile from touchdown; tower instructed B-747 change to and land on runway 28L. we were instructed to criss-cross and land on runway 28R. First Officer was flying. we both came to the decision immediately that the crisscross maneuver was impossible to do without encountering the B-747 wake and still be low enough to make a normal landing on runway 28R. we executed a go around and returned for a normal visual approach and landing. suggest that tower operators not be allowed to issue change-over instructions when aircraft are so close to landing; close together on narrowly spaced visual approaches. contacted SFO tower by telephone after landing. they said they issued these instructions because we had the 747 in sight. having an aircraft in sight does not necessarily allow safe maneuvering; especially so close in to the touchdown point,Physical Environment
283116,BACKGND: ORH has 1 air carrier runway; 11-29; served by 2 lower approaches: Instrument Landing System 11; with Medium Intensity Approach Lighting System With Runway Alignment Indicator Lights; identify IRSR; 200 feet HT above touchdown; 1/2 mile; and localizer 29; with Runway End Identifier Lights; identify IEKW; 290 feet HT above touchdown; 1 mile; crow hill Nondirectional Radio Beacon/Compass Locator At Its Outer Marker. both facilities have the same frequency; 110.9. the ORH tower closes at XY00 local; and approaches are controled by BDL approach. situation: our scheduled arrival time at ORH is XX00. our company provides an approved weather observer until we land. on this particular night we had an estimated time Of arrival of XX20. about 50 mile out we checked on the weather observation which was; indefinite ceiling; 100 feet; sky obscured; 1 mile visibility in fog; wind 230 degree; 9 Knots. I wanted to use the Instrument Landing System 11 so that we would have a Glideslope and approach lights; even though a slight tailwind. BDL approach informed us that the approach in use was the localizer runway 29. since the ORH tower was closed; BDL approach had no control over which approach is on the air. BDL was briefed that ORH tower closed with the localizer 29 on the air. in fact; BDL told us that a light plane was on the localizer 29 approach and that we would be next for the approach. BDL cleared us direct to crow hill Nondirectional Radio Beacon. since the RPTED visibility was sufficient for the approach we proceeded to crow hill; since we apparently had no other choice. we fully expected a missed approach because of the ceiling and we discussed our plans for proceeding to an alternate. the other airplane apparently missed the approach and was cleared to hold. we were cleared down to 3000 feet and cleared for the approach. there is no radar service on the E side of the airport (poor coverage); so we proceeded with the approach on our own navigate. when we reached crow hill Nondirectional Radio Beacon and turned outbound; I had a difficult time intercepting the localizer. I soon realized that the problem was reversed sensing which could only be resulting from a back course signal. my copilot checked the identify again and realized that it was the identify for the Instrument Landing System runway 11. we were actually trying to intercept the Instrument Landing System 11 back course; which is not an authority/authorized signal. we maintained altitude and competed the procedure turn using the Nondirectional Radio Beacon and returned to crow hill. we RPTED all this to BDL. they queried the pilot of the light plane and he RPTED that; on his approach; he had experienced reverse sensing on the '29 localizer' inbound! BDL approach then cleared us to the initial approach fix for the Instrument Landing System 11 and subsequently vectored us for the approach which we completed uneventfully. for the record; we saw the approach lights 50 feet above decision altitude. we RPTED this and the light plane followed us on the approach. I talked to the BDL controller by telephone after we landed. he apologized for the confusion and said that when he came on duty he had been briefed that the ORH tower had closed; leaving the localizer 29 on the air; although it is usually the Instrument Landing System 11 that is left on. I was surprised to find that BDL had no control over switching the facilities; and even more surprised to find that they had no indication of which facility was transmit. this is a good case for listening to IDENTS carefully. also; BDL approach and ORH tower need to clarify their procedures and maybe the airport trust fund could spring for a light bulb at BDL to show which approach is on the air,Other;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
283727,AFTER landing runway 31R at DFW we turned off at taxiway and given clearance to hold short runway 35R on taxiway 19. the controller was extremely busy and talking very rapidly. at times not even allowing aircraft to respond to instructions. we were cleared to cross runway 35R and hold short runway 35L. after we crossed runway 35R; we were told to 'expedite across' and we thought he said runway 35L. I brought the power up and started to taxi when we thought we should get a second verification that we were cleared to cross runway 35L and 'expedite the crossing.' we had another pilot riding JUMPSEAT and he stated that he understood our clearance was to cross runway 35L. I had already begun to move across the hold line when the controller stated 'no! hold short of runway 35L.' with part of the aircraft on the runway and the power up. I felt it safer to continue across immediately and clear the runway. apparently an air carrier jet had been cleared for takeoff and was told by the controller to abort. I believe where the communication was misunderstood; is the controller did not know we had already crossed runway 35R when he gave instructions to expedite across and; with the rush he was in; we felt he said or meant runway 35L since that is where we were holding. other factors being night and how many aircraft were being handled at the same time by 1 controller,Communication Environment;Pressure;Taskload
284172,FLYING with student on final stage check for 141 course. simulated engine failure over woodland airport at about 2000 feet student drifted away from airport while simulating engine restart; 7700; 121.5; etc. turned back to field and started downwind abeam numbers about 700 feet. turned steeply to acquire runway and we were very close to poles as we maneuvered to line up with runway. went around. I had been tired all day and my reaction to the low situation was slower than it should have been. I should know better,Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
284276,FLT EWR to DTW was planned at 145000 pounds gross takeoff with 38900 pounds of fuel; and a zero fuel weight of 106700 pounds at the last minute our ZFW was increased to 117300 pounds due to additional passenger from delayed and canceled FLTS. to accommodate the additional weight and still maintain landing weight requirements; planning lowered our fuel load to 24600 pounds. these changes were unknown to myself or my copilot when we started our taxi. our scheduled XAOOL departure from EWR was delayed by 1 1/2 hours due to aircraft late arrival and maintenance. the maintenance required a change to our release due to 2 boxed items and dispatch was notified. before departing the gate; our fuel slip was checked with fuel on board and flight plan. all was correct and we had 38900 pounds on board. our load advice was received via Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System and a quick check showed our takeoff gross weight of 141.9 to be less than our close out maximum gross landing of 150.5. the load advice did indicate released #01 amend #01 and my flight plan showed no amendments. however we had added 2 Minimum Equipment List items to our release and signed off verbally. this I assumed was the amendment. takeoff roll was normal up to rotation at 143 Knots. the nose seemed heavy and I thought the center of gravity was wrong or we were heavier than planned. I allowed the AIRSPD to increase another 10 Knots; continued the rotation and flew the departure at target plus 20 Knots. no problems were encountered with the flight other than delaying landing until we were down to maximum gross landing weight. our obvious mistake; as the Flight Crew was not to notice that the fuel on the load advice was a lot less then our actual fuel. since we received the load advice after we left the gate; my copilot loaded the gross weight into the fuel PREDEP page. had we received it before gate departure he would have loaded the 2 ZFW into the initial page and our Flight Management Guidance Computer would have computed the correct weight. flight management guidance computer would have computed the correct weight. a RECHK of our numbers showed that we were 14000 pounds heavier than we thought. at 156000 pounds; we were still 4000 pounds less than the flaps 1 degree; runway 22R limit of 160000 pounds. the difference was our rotate speed as it should have been 148 Knots; not 143 Knots,Other;Proficiency
284671,WHILE being pushed back at DFW; the ground crew informed me that water was leaking from the potable water service panel. I asked the ground crew to check the panel valve. shortly thereafter I was informed the panel was normal. everything proceeded normally until we were informed by the #1 flight attendant that she could not make any coffee; this was at approximately 24000 feet. on the climb to 33000 feet. the lavatory sinks also would not pressurize. we suspected the water service panel valve was in the wrong position and that we may be venting water overboard; I decided to divert the flight to a station where we could check the valve; and dispatch decided to return us to DFW. my main concern was that water could freeze aft of the service panel and then break loose and foreign object damage the left engine. we did not have enough fuel to fly to YYZ below the freezing level; so I felt a divert was necessary. we descended below the freezing level and returned to DFW where the valve was found in the vent position. no foreign object damage was found. the aircraft was SVCED and we proceeded uneventfully to YYZ. the next time there is any doubt about the valve position; I will have the lavatory. sinks checked for water flow before leaving the ramp,Resource Deficiency
284847,I am employed as a First Officer with a Federal Aviation Regulation part 135 carrier. our crew arrived late into lax and had 20 minutes to swap into a second aircraft in order to make our scheduled departure. the Pilot In Command arrived at the aircraft first; was briefed on 3 open maintenance items and departed to speak with dispatch regarding a late departure. I arrived at the aircraft and completed an exterior safety inspection at the same time maintenance personnel began work on the outstanding items. I then completed a cockpit safety inspection. while there; I assisted maintenance personnel by UNFEATHERING and then REFEATHERING the #1 propeller which they were working on. afterwards; I ensured that this item; and the second item (an exterior light) were completed and secured. at this point; the Pilot In Command returned and was briefed; along with myself; that the first 2 items were completed and signed off; and the third item was to be deferred as per the Minimum Equipment List. at no time was the crew informed that a cowling had been opened in order to look at the third maintenance item; and then been closed. however; only 1 latch was secured in the event that the Pilot In Command chose not to defer the item forcing them to go back into the nacelle. consequently; the crew accepted the aircraft and maintenance departed. at this point we were about 20 minutes behind schedule. taxi and takeoff were normal. climbing through 2000 feet Mean Sea Level on the departure; the flight attendant called forward to inform the Pilot In Command that a passenger had noticed the #2 nacelle outer cowling was fully open; flying parallel to the wind so that it was not moving or flapping about. the Pilot In Command informed Air Traffic Control of our situation and requested vectors back for a landing at lax. he determined that it would not be necessary to declare an emergency. we received vectors for a visual approach and made an uneventful landing. perhaps the greatest contributing factor was a failure in communication between maintenance and the crew as to what exactly was done with the aircraft. this was exacerbated by the short turn time; aircraft swap; and the pending late departure. in my mind; it is inconceivable that the cowling could be closed but only partially latched. from my previous experience; when maintenance is completed; a second quality assurance CHKER inspects and then signs off the work. the crew is then completely debriefed on all action accomplished. this does not appear to have happened in this instance. perhaps; too; the crews eagerness to complete their trip was a contributing factor. instead of delving into the matter further; we accepted at their word that the third item was to be deferred. although we were under the impression that no work had been done on this item; some further digging could have uncovered that the cowling had been opened at some point in order for maintenance to determine that nothing could be done on the third item at that particular time. presently; company policy is being reviewed to prevent this from occurring again. supplemental information from ACN 284988: later we discovered that the mechanic had opened the #2 cowling after the First Officer had done his walk around. he had apparently shut the cowling but only latched 1 out of 6 latches. neither the First Officer nor I had seen the cowlings open. nor did we have any reason to think that they had been open. they informed us that everything was done and signed off. it would be nice to be able to trust everyone at all times. but I forget that you can't,Attitude;Communication Environment;Pressure;Resource Deficiency
285287,BLEW 4 main gear tires on landing YYZ,Resource Deficiency
285909,AFTER landing and still step taxiing a boat came from outside and behind aircraft. right wing in a turning arc that would possibly go in front of aircraft. I lifted aircraft back off turned left approximately 30 degree and landed again. boat continued right turn and continued on,Unexpected
286459,I was cleared to taxi to runway 19R for a scenic tour to the grand canyon in a C402C. during taxi I completed taxi checklist and played passenger briefing tapes and monitored. near hold short line 1 contacted las tower and was cleared into position and hold runway 19R. I repeated clearance to tower and continued to roll into position. at this time (still rolling) I completed takeoff checklist. on frequency; tower had difficulty with a pilot n of airport who could not find the airport. several XMISSIONS between the 2 occurred. then several more XMISSIONS to carriers operating from runways 25L/right. I was in position 2 minutes when another C402 appeared overhead executing a go around. I believe tower became distraction and forgot about me. also; canyon tour operations are routinely cleared to land while on about a 6 mile left OPS Base Operations Office. I had not heard the other aircraft on frequency until he announced the go around. tower supervisor then cleared me for takeoff,Communication Environment;Preoccupation
286955,FO and I smelled an odor of something burning. within seconds of the odor; smoke appeared from the Captain'S circuit breaker panel; around the #3 feeder bus circuit breaker. First Officer communicated to ZAU that we have smoke in the cockpit and we need to descend; declare an emergency; and to point us towards the closest airport. at that time I proceeded with an emergency descent and gang barred the battery and generators. during the descent; after resetting the battery and generators; the smoke ceased. I entered a left crosswind for runway 27 at BEH and landed. upon landing; the fire and rescue trucks were waiting for us on the ramp. I shut down the ENGS and evacuated the airplane,Resource Deficiency
287649,UPON PREFLT between legs at magadan; russia; flight attendant advised me that she could not open aft galley door. we carry a company mechanic on these russia FLTS so I asked him to check it out. it turned out that it was indeed difficult to open but the mechanic did open the door and so did our russian interpreter. the mechanic and I agreed that the door was difficult because of the extremely low temperature and high winds. and I asked him to make sure that the door could be opened and that he (the mechanic) would situation next to the door for takeoff and landing and also to check its operation after we landed in anchorage. after we landed I asked him if the door was ok. he said that it was. so I DIDN't write it up; assuming that the cold in magadan had been the cause of the problem,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
288173,ENRTE MRY to DPA; fuel stop at 11H. passing SAF I became aware of a strange 'clicking' sound. determined it was not AIRFRAME or engine; investigated radios. turned each off momentarily; no luck. finally determined problem caused by a headset microphone a passenger had removed and hung up while napping. vibration caused microphone to occasionally strike the hard shell of the headset phones thereby making a sound and breaking squelch. I then noticed I had neglected to switch back on the radio I was working center. I called center; center said they had been trying to reach me; that I was 'well below' Minimum Enroute Altitude: climb to 13000 feet; because of excellent weather I had the terrain in sight and was safely above it. thoughts: I was probably 'off the air' several minutes due to momentarily forgetting to switch the radio back on: not hard to do when preoccupied with an unusual problem. while the problem and its solution did not seem threatening; I probably should have informed center what I was doing. because of good weather; there was no danger; but center could not know this,Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
288494,PASSING through approximately 6000 feet on a vector for the visual approach to runway 13 at Mountain Daylight Time; the crew heard a 'thump' which sounded like someone dropping a heavy object in the aisle. all instrument readings and flight control responses appeared normal. since we were so close to final we continued with the visual approach and landed without incident. on a POSTFLT inspection we found that the exterior pane on window 3C was cracked. contract maintenance was called out for repair,Resource Deficiency
288724,I was vectoring the A10 to Precision Approach Radar final for runway 30. I attempted to hand him off to the Precision Approach Radar final controller but was unable because the aircraft was about 1/2 mile left of course. the tucson local controller had a challenger in the right traffic pattern for runway 29R. the challenger flew a wide pattern and ended up head on with my traffic on final for runway 30; at about the same altitude. the local controller did not point out the aircraft before he left his airspace. the local controller realized the challenger left his airspace so he pointed him out but it was too late. I issued traffic as soon as I was aware of it but the A10 said he was going to file a HATR. the challenger had the A10 in sight and was maintaining visual separation. I feel this could have been prevented if the local controller had either insured the challenger remained in his airspace or done a timely point out. please feel free to contact me if you need further information,Resource Deficiency
288992,MISSED crossing restrict of 30 mile se of buffalo. when I set up WAYPOINT in Flight Management Computer somehow the altitude and AIRSPD was put on buffalo VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range instead of 30 mile fix. crossed 30 mile fix at 18000 feet. Air Traffic Control RPTED no conflicts,Proficiency
289254,AFTER flying for over 5 hours and very tired I was approaching williamsburg; youngstown airport in virginia. I had slowed down the airplane to flap speed and did my 'gump' but decided because I was already slowed down that I would put the gear down when I reached OPS Base Operations Office leg; then pushed the mixture full rich and propeller full Revolutions Per Minute. as I was turning OPS Base Operations Office a flock of birds came around and I managed to avoid them. I then proceeded to final and forgot to put the gear down. by the time I noticed that the gear was up. it was too late; the propeller hit the runway then the belly scrap and stop. I was wearing a 'pilot' 9001 noise canceling headset and did not hear the warning horn; which was blaring when I took the headset off. warning horn should be piped into noise canceling headsets,Communication Environment;Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Physical Factors
289499,IN a climb to FL330; at about 31000 feet; we received a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Traffic Advisory. we saw 747 at 11 O'clock; 2 mile in a climb. then Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave us an Resolution Advisory (descend; descend). the Captain was flying. (immediately the Captain and First Officer looked at radar scope and picked up aircraft at about 4 mile on radar scope.) the Captain continued the climb. I said 'descend.' the First Officer'S hands approached the control column as he said 'descend' the Captain said; 'I see him.' I said; 'descend; we don't know for sure that'S the aircraft we're getting the warning from.' then the Captain followed the Resolution Advisory. we tried to get the aircraft'S call sign; as we heard him tell manilla control to file a near miss. manilla control did not answer either of us and we had to switch frequencies. this is the second time I or another crew member had to talk a Captain into following Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. when we are Visual Flight Rules; there is reluctance to follow Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory'S when the Captain thinks he sees the cause of the alert. this is a dangerous practice and could result in a collision with an unknown,Attitude;Other
289980,WE received a different clearance than filed. we read back; palco 5 departure route 6 SJU route 9 a 523 FLANN as filed. we RPTED over GRANN with PRISS as our next RPTING point. Air Traffic Control questioned our routing. we asked for confirmation of our routing. Air Traffic Control cleared us A523 FLANN direct bergh A300 OWENZ direct CAMRN direct JFK. Air Traffic Control had us on G432 after GRANN as we were originally filed. I believe the problem occurred when Air Traffic Control issued the clearance A523 FLANN as filed; they should of issued A523 GRANN as filed. perhaps either GRANN or FLANN should be changed,Resource Deficiency
290464,MY second day back from a longitude vacation; trying to get up to speed with my duties as a First Officer. we leveled off at 7000 feet our final altitude; we were on a 360 degree heading assigned by Air Traffic Control to intercept V39 (MRB 065 degree). intercept would be at approximately 15 Nautical Mile NE of MRB VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. my Captain said something about a football game (I'Mach Number not much of a football fan) but I decided to try to find a game on the radio for him while I was hand flying (no Auto-Pilot). Captain said we past our radial so I quickly started a right turn to REINTERCEPT the airway. while in the twin Air Traffic Control called and said that we had flown through the airway and assigned us a heading to REINTERCEPT. we REINTERCEPTED the airway in approximately 1 minute. I should not have been looking for a football game on the radio; I should have been looking at my Horizontal Situation Indicator,Preoccupation;Proficiency
290933,(air carrier); a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II B737/a en route to ABQ was stopped at FL270. he had opposite direction traffic descending to FL280 en route to bur and additional traffic SWBOUND to HEC at FL280. (air carrier x) wanted to know where his traffic was and why he was stopped at FL270. the controller issued the traffic and said to exact further climb in 20 mile. (air carrier x) DIDN't respond and the controller verified that (air carrier x) copied the message. the pilot said he did and then complained about the amount of fuel he was burning at FL270. the pilot then stated he had 'the traffic on the box' and attempted to persuade the controller to allow him to jump the traffic. once again a pilot is using Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II as though he was a controller; and questioning a controller'S ability to do his job. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II is not Air Traffic Control certified equipment and is supposed to be transparent to the Air Traffic Control system. pilots utilizing Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II in this fashion are interfering with the Air Traffic Control system. I'Mach Number very concerned that the pilot of (air carrier x) would be more concerned about his fuel burn than his safety. I'Mach Number also concerned about the interfering in a controller'S time and frequency blocking; it definitely has a negative impact on things when this happens. for example; while (air carrier x) was tying up a controller'S time over what was a safe and proper operation; a (air carrier Y) airline L1011 was left on a spacing vector to lax too longitude. I wonder how much fuel that cost that pilot. use Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II as it was designed for and don't think you've become a controller when it'S in your cockpit,Attitude
291236,AFTER landing at plattsburgh; clinton county airport. the Captain taxiing turned a corner too tight and the right propeller hit a taxi light. fortunately; very minor damage occurred. contributing factors: snowy TXWYS; partially obscured taxi lights; First Officer calling 'on' and 'in' times. jotting times down; Captain failed to maintain taxi CTRLINE. solutions: First Officer should not perform paperwork while aircraft is in motion. that would have prevented the Captain'S mishap,Physical Environment;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
291482,WE were cleared by MSY tower to land on runway 10. we were #2 and told to follow a heavy I had in sight. we followed the heavy and landed. as we touched down; I heard the tower clear a 737 for departure on runway 28. I then saw the 737 take the CTRLINE and begin its takeoff roll. I was between taxiway a and B; so I kept my speed up and made the turn onto B as the B-737 began rotation somewhere near taxiway Celsius. as I made my turn onto taxiway B; I asked the tower if I was cleared for bravo and they responded that I was; and to contact ground control,Other
291757,ABOUT 70 mile E of LBB; center gave us a choice of 9000 feet or FL230 because of an military mperating mrea en route. as of this date; all Airline Transport Rating 72'S are restrict from flying into known or forecast icing. with this restrict in mind; we chose to climb to FL230. preoccupied with the icing restrict; we inadvertently forgot that the aircraft we were flying was Minimum Equipment List restrict to a 1 bleed operation. the aircraft operating limitation for 1 bleed operation is FL200. leveling off and doing the cruise check; we remembered that limitation. we immediately asked for lower. there were no pressurization problems encountered. the cockpit alert panel (Civil Air Patrol) does have an air light indication to remind the crew there is some kind of air bleed problem. however; the proper procedure is to clear the Civil Air Patrol in cockpit alert panel in case another problem should occur. my only suggestion to not duplicate this problem is to be more vigilant or to not operate the aircraft with so many RESTRS,Physical Environment;Preoccupation
291995,DURING descent check; Captain found he had left fuel XFEED on (it was on to correct minor IMBAL). fuel IMBAL was in limits for INFLT but exceeded landing limits. we decided to lower all possible drag inducers (gear; flaps; speed brakes; etc) to burn as much fuel as possible to bring fuel closer to landing limits. landing was uneventful and I noted no unusual control inputs during approach and landing. fuel was out of limits for landing. the dim ANNUNCIATOR on panel WASN't as eye catching (I did not notice it before descent check) and I could have been more diligent in monitoring fuel balancing when Captain initiated it,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
292242,CLBING out of orlando international on the mccoy 3 Standard Instrument Departure. we were issued a new clearance to fly a 330 degree heading to intercept the ORL 355 degree radial NBOUND. as we climbed; and cabin pressure increased; we noticed a high-pitched squeal in the cockpit; and found that the First Officer had caught the vinyl drain tube adjacent to the windshield post in his sliding window; creating an air leak. it'S the same old story -- 3 crew members focused on a minor problem; with the result that we flew through our intercept and approached a military block of airspace. it'S the same old answer; too -- at least 1 crew member must always focus on the primary task at hand; IE; staying right side up. I should add; I am a relatively new Captain; with about 250 hours as Pilot In Command in turbojets; with the carrier; and inexperience was undoubtedly a factor in the incident,Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
292693,AT XA50 the Pilot Not Flying contacted ground for airport information and Instrument Flight Rules clearance to SBA. the filed route was 'ege direct DBL J-60 HEC direct FIM direct.' after all checklist items the Pilot Not Flying requested and received taxi clearance. during taxi; we were advised our clearance was available; the Pilot Not Flying copied it. it read 'cleared to RLG VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range via Instrument Flight Rules departure procedure maintain 14000 feet; contact den 134.5 out of 10000 feet squawk XXXX.' after a review of the procedure by both pilots; we were cleared for takeoff. the takeoff and initial climb were routine; the problem developed after leaving 10000 feet and turning NBOUND on the 322 degree radial of DBL. the Pilot Not Flying was attempting to contact den center when I became convinced we should go 'to' DBL. I turned SBOUND and we were leveling at 14000 feet when contact with ZDV was established. the events as I remember them went like this: a female voice asked our position and altitude. a male voice came on advising us to make 'immediate turn n.' we complied and were also advised traffic 10 O'clock at 14300 feet. no CREWMEMBER saw any traffic. after a bit more confusion; we received our en route clearance proceeding with no more problems. after a discussion with the other pilot; we feel the factors affecting our flight were: 1) filed route and cleared route were different. 2) radio work can be distracting. we both agree there is no excuse for the 'dumb and deadly' wrong turn. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that self- imposed time pressure existed for GULFSTREAM III Flight Crew during departure from ege airport. the RPTR was concerned about fading daylight under an overcast sky. visibility was critical because mountainous terrain surrounded the airport; and there was a history of an occasional 'deer on the runway.' prior to departure; the Flight Crew had reviewed the Instrument Flight Rules departure procedure but; RPTR indicated that the deteriorating conditions may have influenced the time and attention delegated to the task. on CLBOUT; RPTR (Pilot Flying) became confused between the flight planned route and the actual Air Traffic Control clearance received. he wanted to question the Pilot Not Flying; but the Pilot Not Flying was busy establishing radio contact with center. published procedure was in front of Pilot Flying (not the norm); but this was a high workload time and he did not divert his attention from flying the aircraft. RPTR states that a similar situation has happened before. RPTR feels that Pilot Not Flying needs to be more actively involved and assertive. RPTR; CLRLY; still took responsibility for his mistake; though,Other;Physical Environment;Preoccupation;Pressure;Proficiency;Taskload
293711,DURING moderate traffic; R66 lost video mapping. a few minutes later data blocks started disappearing from the PVD. another example of old; out-dated equipment impacting the Air Traffic Control system,Resource Deficiency
293880,THE weather in oak was approximately 50 broken; 70 overcast; and cloud bottoms were ragged. VISABILITY approximately 10. runway in use was runway 11 with Instrument Landing System and visuals in use. we were descended to 6000 feet on a longitude downwind; with occasional ground contact. downwind leg was extended to approximately 18 mile. clearance then to approximately 3200 feet. OPS Base Operations Office turn 200 degree. clearance to be at or below 1800 feet at 6 Distance Measuring Equipment from oak. reached 1800 feet some 8-9 mile Distance Measuring Equipment turn to 130 degree and asked to call airport in sight. lights on bridge were visible and lighted airport beyond bridge. airport was called in sight. since we were below Glideslope that Federal Aviation Regulation out and not yet aligned with localizer; Instrument Landing System indications appeared normal. we were cleared visual approach to runway 11. as we approached runway both of us noticed that Instrument Landing System was not coming in; so we confirmed frequency; no flags; continued descent. we were switched to tower; and told we could request runway 09 right from them if we wanted. request refused due to noise RESTRS by tower. landing clearance received. continued descent. tower called us with low altitude alert; said oak 4 mile E. we saw numbers of runway we were approaching were runway 13; not runway 11; initiated go around; told tower we were at alameda and climbing to come to oakland. no touchdown was made at alameda. landing at oakland uneventful; both of us very embarrassed. lessons learned: although a visual approach may be acceptable if the criteria for accepting it are met. I will continue to fly the instrument approach briefed and insure that the visual clues match the NAVAIDS for the approach and switch to visual clues when it would normally be done on the instrument approach. any doubt or questions about the approach or NAVAIDS should be asked of Air Traffic Control controllers prior to committing to landing out of an approach. longitude duty days call for heightened alertness towards the end of the day. as we brief the approach expected; nearby facilities that may affect visual clues will be a part of the briefing. any deviations from the approach procedure briefed will be explained and understood by both CREWMEMBERS prior to executing them. suggestions for this situation: this is only the second approach made to the E at oakland in the 7 YRS I have been flying out of southern CA because this approach is a relatively rare one for operators who OCCASSIONALLY use oakland; and because alameda is much more visible than oak approaching from the W; a simple phrase from the controller such as 'caution: Naval Air Station alameda at 1 O'clock 2 mile;' would help prevent nighttime confusion. although it was not any controllers fault; and in fact Air Traffic Control was very good that night; the timing of vectors; altitude changes; and frequency changes seemed to confirm that we were going to the right airport. oakland airport was not so easy to pick out of the oakland area lights at night for someone unfamiliar with oak lighting; whereas alameda is very obvious and the vectors we were given put us right over it in a position to land. another suggestion would be for the final controller to retain control of the aircraft until it is past alameda before clearing it for a visual or 'cleared to intercept localizer on present heading; then cleared visual runway 11 oakland.' although I accept full responsibility for this incident; these suggestions may prevent other crews from suffering the same embarrassment or perhaps a more serious incident,Duty Cycle;Familiarity;Other;Physical Environment
294011,LOST transponder on takeoff. lost AIRSPD and navigate instruments. recycled PITOT heat 3 times; then ok,Resource Deficiency
294158,THE problem arose due to the Captain called for the checklist. while performing the checklist; the Captain also asked for other tasks to be done. getting the charts out for the destination and reviewing them. the Captain was flying this leg and it was his duty to call the tower for takeoff clearance. I was running the checklist and was not listening to his radio calls. he asked for final items which means we are cleared for takeoff. I asked 'are we cleared for takeoff' and he said yes. so we took off and the tower after takeoff gave us a telephone # to call. that is when we discovered it. I believe that if we change our procedures neither Flight Crew should be allowed to call for takeoff clearance until all checklists are complete. I feel the Captain was calling for a rushed takeoff. both pilots should be aware of all calls made and less of a rush in the cockpit. more training for crew members in cockpit resource management,Pressure;Proficiency
294250,WE were cleared to taxi from the ramp to runway 9; hold short runway 4L behind a 757. while taxiing; ground control told us to follow the 757 and to monitor 128.8. we were very busy in the cockpit trying to complete our before takeoff checks and the instructions to monitor were given quite close to runway 4L. the frequency WASN't changed until we had already began to encroach on runway 4L (following the 757 across the runway). when we switched to the monitoring frequency; we heard the controller talking to another aircraft; telling that aircraft that he was not in contact with us. this was a very busy time. we never knew who the controller on the monitoring frequency was (ground or tower). additionally; it was UNCLR exactly when ground wanted us to switch to the monitoring frequency considering our proximity to runway 4L. I don't feel comfortable crossing a runway merely with a clearance to follow another aircraft to our departure runway. from now on; I want to hear the words 'cleared to cross runway' after having received a hold short of runway clearance,Other;Taskload
294373,WHILE climbing; we were cleared to FL200 by ZDC; we were advised of traffic at 10 O'clock descending. then Air Route Traffic Control Center advised 'immediate left turn to 180 degree; descend and maintain FL190.' at that moment we were climbing thru FL192; and Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II advised us of traffic at 11:30 O'clock descending; 1400 feet above us; we got a Traffic Advisory only; not a resolution advisory. we did as Air Route Traffic Control Center told us; I asked Air Route Traffic Control Center if there was any loss of separation and he said; no. I believe that there must have been a MISCOM from the previous Air Route Traffic Control Center as to the altitude the descending aircraft was cleared to. had the controller not been as alert as he was; I believe a loss of separation would have occurred or possibly worse. I realize that it would be unrealistic to have descending and climbing aircraft always separated by more than 1000 feet vertically (as Federal Aviation Regulation as cleared altitude). however; when aircraft-climbing and descending-are cleared to within 1000 feet vertically why not vector them to more than 1 mile horizontal separation so that this does not occur in the future. this would also help prevent nuisance Resolution Advisory'S on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II during rapid DSCNTS and climbs. note: the descending aircraft leveled at FL200,Communication Environment;Other
294616,WE were climbing towards blythe VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range en route to PHX. we had been climbing UNRESTR to FL190. I was the Pilot Not Flying and was doing paper work when the Captain commented we had gone past our altitude to about FL196. we descended back to FL190 and at no time did we get our altitude alert horn. we should get a horn 1000 feet prior to an altitude at our assigned altitude. nothing was said by Air Traffic Control. the altitude alert horn did not work for the remainder of the leg. we discussed it among ourselves and determined we were dependent on the altitude horn. so when it DIDN't work; we never noticed,Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency
294851,ACR x cruising at FL330 about to fly over PXT VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range when ZDC cleared us to descend to FL240. as the Captain began descending; our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II issued a Traffic Advisory and Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II showed an aircraft 1200 feet below at 2 O'clock from our position and climbing. the Captain decided to stop the descent and we started looking for traffic. we sighted aircraft in a hard left turn already to our 10 O'clock position. a military jet; we later found out; had 'spilled out' from a restrict area and we also found out that that was not the first time this has happened in this area. it seems that the restrict area is not sufficiently large to contain the maneuvers and aircraft of such high performance. the area is right-4006 and sits between J-191 and J-79; 2 major airways carrying a lot of airplanes with lots of lives. supplemental information from ACN 294949: I started the descent we received a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II alert. it showed traffic at 12 O'clock; 1200 feet below us; converging and climbing. I immediately leveled off at FL325. traffic was still closing. I then initiated a climb back to FL330 and asked ZDC if they had any conflicting traffic. Air Traffic Control'S response was 'negative.' at about this time; we made visual contact with an orange twin tailed fighter; just ahead and below us; in a hard left turn. the aircraft came within 1 mile and 1000 feet as it passed off to our left. if we had not received the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II alert and taken evasive action; it would have been a lot closer. we notified the controller that we would be filing a near miss report. I spoke with the watch supervisor. he stated that the other aircraft was a 'SPILLOUT' from right-4008 and under control of 'PXT control.,Other
295396,AFTER FAMIN intersection assigned to altitude 8000 feet heading 360 degree -- we observed a BOEING 767 at our 2 O'clock position and climbing. -- from our present position it appeared that our courses would cross based on the BOEING continuing to climb. I was not advised of the BOEING'S assigned altitude. as an evasive action I descended to 6600 feet to avoid the other aircraft. the controller reprimanded me for descending from my assigned altitude. we were not aware of this but; the BOEING had been assigned to maintain 7000 feet. -- our reaction was based on the appearance of the BOEING being our altitude and heading straight for us. as Pilot In Command; I deviated and acted in a responsible way to avoid a situation that appeared to be unsafe and imminent,Proficiency
295638,RAMPER motioned (marshalled) aircraft to parking slot using hands only; wands absent from hands; in back pocket. this was discovered by an Federal Aviation Administration official riding in seat. the Federal Aviation Administration official told the Captain and First Officer that wands are required; by law; to be used by RAMPERS when assisting with parking,Attitude
295934,WE departed lexington; ky; at approximately XA10 pm Eastern Standard Time after the filing of an Instrument Flight Rules and receiving briefing to MGY. the 7000 feet flight was smooth and was only a light thin shift to join S of cincinnati; oh; where the air was completely clear and great visibility. as we were approaching MGY the Air Traffic Control released us for a Visual Flight Rules approach with great visibility but had some air bounce at 2000 feet downwind for landing on runway 20. runway 27 would have provided a better landing for headwind but was an unlit runway. choice of runway 20 because of lights was used but the XWINDS were gusting as we were descending and used the rudder for correcting. upon landing the wind was carrying us on a drift to the left even though the braking was helping; but the snow by the edge of runway from the plowing caused the gear to pull to the left and then the nose gear collapsed and the aircraft turned over. the doors were operable and all exited with no fire,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
296147,DURING descent into RDU; we were given multiple 45 degree to 90 degree vectors along with multiple altitude and speed changes. all combined to create a high cockpit workload. while descending; ZDC advised us to slow to 250 Knots from 340 Knots. our rate of descent was slowed so that speed could be reduced. ZDC later complained that we slowed our descent rate to less than 1000 Feet Per Minute without advising them. (the limit is 500 Feet Per Minute). at no time were any center issued altitude RESTRS missed,Taskload
296336,CHARLOTTE approach was unable to contact us due to me (Captain) dialing in wrong frequency when switching. noting no communications on the radio and not yet receiving a descent clearance. I RECHKED the frequency and realized my mistake. First Officer was flying; so when I recontacted approach; they were very accommodating and fit us in with a route 360 to the runway. main factor affecting human performance -- fatigue. supplemental information from ACN 296131: the Captain made the frequency change. the wrong frequency was tuned and the error went undiscovered for 2-3 minute. I believe the high workload on this short flight from AVL to CLT in combination with the busy arrival environment at CLT combined to result in neither one of us recognizing that we were not on the proper frequency,Communication Environment;Physical Factors;Proficiency;Taskload
297755,IFR; VRB to EYW on FEB/XX/95 at XA00 return to VRB XF00; same day; Visual Flight Rules. no flight plan filed; but in contact with key west departure; ZMA and mia approach -- up the keys; and FLA coastline. (in radar contact and given Traffic Advisory several times; and no interception.) was unaware that Air Defense Identification Zone crossing required a flight plan filing within the state of Flight Level; until return home to ohio; and found jan/XX/95 'callback' in held mail,Proficiency
297850,WE departed ST thomas on a palco Standard Instrument Departure; initial altitude clearance to 3000 feet. upon initial contact with SJU approach; we were cleared to 10000 feet. a line of cumulus clouds; tops estimated 12000-14000 feet; was ahead. the First Officer was hand flying the airplane. I turned on the radar and was adjusting it to determine a suitable heading through the clouds. I heard the altitude ALERTER warning and looked to see about 9800 feet and climbing rapidly. I called out to the First Officer to push it over and he was doing so while trying not to go to negative g force. we topped out at about 10500 feet before starting back down to 10000 feet. the First Officer later stated that he was looking outside at the clouds and thinking that he could increase our climb angle and top them; forgetting about the 10000 feet clearance limit. my duty as Pilot Not Flying was to call out 1000 feet prior to the cleared altitude; a call I missed while distracted with the radar. the solution to this is to use the Auto-Pilot anytime there is a distraction. I now include in my general crew briefing before the first flight that; although we all like to hand fly; if any distraction comes up; be it weather or aircraft system; the Auto-Pilot will be engaged immediately! callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR is flying the B-757 and B-767 for a major united states air carrier. he had never met the First Officer before this trip but does not believe that this had anything to do with the incident. the RPTR now briefs his First Officer'S that they will use the Auto-Pilot if there is any possible distraction such as weather; and presumably program the Flight Management Computer properly. the RPTR realizes that he should have watched his First Officer more carefully and spent less time on the radar. the First Officer was trying to top the weather and forgot about the 10000 feet clearance,Physical Environment;Preoccupation
298016,CRUISING at FL310 due to weight decided to climb to FL350 after fuel BURNOFF reduced us to legal weight. aircraft acted 'heavy' with very slow rate of climb. out of FL345 climb rate down to 100-200 Feet Per Minute. had to trade off about 15 Knots to get to FL350. (Air Traffic Control working traffic in our area) at FL350 aircraft would not accelerate so requested lower from Air Traffic Control. controller responded; 'lower in 90 seconds.' AIRSPD had been holding steady but began to slowly reduce. told controller we would take a turn to get a lower. he responded; '10 more seconds.' after speed came off another 3-4 Knots released Auto-Pilot and began descent while simultaneously receiving clearance to lower altitude. for some reason the aircraft did not perform as advertised (weight and balance loading error?) and I stayed at altitude too longitude for comfort. (should have declared emergency and initiated descent sooner),Resource Deficiency
299190,I departed more or less due n from somerset airport Visual Flight Rules to dutchess county airport (pou) in poughkeepsie; ny at about XA45 pm local time on mar/thu/95. I had already examined the new york sectional chart and noted that flying due n would keep me out of the restricted airspace of the new york Terminal Control Area; but I would still be in the Terminal Control Area. I dialed in laguardia airport (LGA) on my Long Range Navigation to give me a rough Distance Measuring Equipment distance from LGA and I saw that my Distance Measuring Equipment distance from LGA remained at around 29.5 to 30 Nautical Mile as I began a climb to 7500 feet Mean Sea Level; still heading more or less due n; along what I thought was the extreme western or northwestern edge of the new york Terminal Control Area. when I reached 7500 feet; I levelled off and set a direct course for pou. when I landed at pou a few minutes later and was taxing to a local Fixed-Base Operator; the tower called over the radio and said the new york Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility wanted me to call them and he gave me their #. this card I wrote the # on was subsequently lost on a flight over to chester; CT a few minutes later and I never got the opportunity to call the new york Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility. I was quite perplexed and COULDN't quite figure out why the new york Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility people wanted to talk to me. a day or so later; I examined my sectional chart and realized that I should have maintained a Distance Measuring Equipment reading off of EWR airport rather than LGA and that by using LGA; I may have inadvertently ventured into the restricted part of the new york Terminal Control Area. regarding cause and corrective action; it seems this was a cause of making an honest mistake; perhaps because I chose to look at the chart in the less-relaxed atmosphere of the cockpit rather than on the ground. perhaps I thought I was a bit further n than I actually was. the corrective action is simply to review anticipated RTES of flight more thoroughly,Physical Environment;Proficiency
299442,ACR x on vectors to final for Instrument Landing System approach to runway 9 and cleared approach. on about an 8 mile final at 2000 feet; a foreign air carrier Y appeared at our 10 O'clock position; slightly high. he proceeded to turn final about 1 1/2 mile in front of us. we were talking to approach and the controller never advised us of the traffic. we proceeded to do a left 360 degree; cancel instruments; switch to tower; and complete an uneventful landing to runway 9. supplemental information from ACN 299441: first we were given a descent from 5000 feet to 2000 feet at the mares intersection as we approached on a southerly heading. we were given to turn to a SW heading. I believe about 230 degree to intercept the localizer to runway 9L at CCS. since it was not a valid heading from which an intercept could have been made I corrected the controller and suggested a heading of 150 degree which she agreed would work. at some point later she made a garbled transmission about the presence of another airplane; a 767. we at once queried her where it was because we did not have it on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. she told us to continue and we were now #2. then I saw the 767 turning into our path on a tight OPS Base Operations Office above us and about 1 1/2 mile I ahead of us,Communication Environment
299698,AT approximately XA20 mar/sun/95; a (other commercial) airlines mechanic came to the cockpit and asked if we had a mechanical. his visit was unsolicited. he said; 'are you going to take it?' I said that I was unaware of any aircraft discrepancy; and he left. I was then informed that our flight (airlines flight number) was canceled. I went outside the aircraft and found our lead agent (ramp) to ask him why the cancellation had occurred. he informed me that he had called for the mechanic because he noticed that an area by the aft cargo compartment did not appear to be normal. I accompanied him to the area and noticed that 1 square inch area along the aft cargo door seam had been impacted and had caused about a 1/2 inch crack; and the metal had been bent up; at about a 10 degree angle. I then went to operations and found the mechanic on the telephone talking to our company maintenance control. I did not speak to him; and he left the office after hanging up the phone. realizing that there was ground work being laid for cancellation; I called the company duty directory and maintenance control director. I related to them that it did not appear that this discrepancy was worthy of grounding the aircraft. I felt that based on my YRS of experience that the area in question on this aircraft did not represent something which would affect the structural integrity. the answer to me was that if; in my opinion; the aircraft was structurally sound; and there was no aircraft logbook entry; that it was my decision to take the flight. I informed them; and with their concurrence; that I would indeed conduct the flight from LGA to CLE. upon arrival in CLE; I had maintenance meet the aircraft. the mechanic and I inspected the area; in question. it was determined that; in fact; structural integrity had been maintained at the site; however repairs would have to be affected. I then wrote up the discrepancy in the aircraft logbook indicating that impact had damaged a 1 square inch area at the aft portion; of the aft cargo compartment door. in summary; I would conclude that in no way was I acting in a careless or reckless manner. the structural integrity of the aircraft was not compromised. supplemental information from ACN 299699: the Captain initiated a conference call with maintenance control and system control. it was agreed upon that discrepancy did not present safety of flight concerns; and aircraft flew from LGA-CLE without incident,Resource Deficiency
301015,I entered a convective situation and the aircraft experienced an extremely rapid accumulation of rime ice. the propellers iced severely causing heavy vibrations. I requested a lower altitude and was given a 45 degree turn off course. at this point; the aircraft would not sustain altitude and I descended. I feel that the dowty ROTOL propellers on this aircraft (aeronautical commander 690C) do not offer enough icing protection; and a serious vibration problem is apparent. when the ice departed at lower altitude; the vibration ceased. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: he regrets that he did not declare an emergency; but things were not 'really bad;' even though he could not hold altitude and power. he just descended to FL220. there was an Federal Aviation Administration investigation of the altitude deviation; but he was exonerated because of the precarious situation. the RPTR is now aware of the Federal Aviation Administration aviation safety hotline,Physical Environment
301273,FLYING inbound to FLM VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at 16000 feet. ZID gave us pilot'S discretion to 11000 feet. at the same time they gave us a lower altimeter setting. the First Officer was flying and he reset his altimeter and used the Auto-Pilot vertical mode to ascend again to 16000 feet exactly. prior to this the altitude PRESELECT was set to 11000 feet for pilot'S discretion. we were approximately 50-60 feet low prior to resetting altimeters. the altitude ALERTER did not chime as we passed through 16000 feet ascending. (maybe we DIDN't hear it.) we realized what had happened as we were climbing through 16800 feet. we immediately started our descent back to 16000 feet. center called and asked us to verify our altitude and I told them we were descending through 16200 feet. I believe crew fatigue contributed to this altitude deviation. it was our last leg on a 2 day trip; the 5TH leg of the day. it was my 6TH day in a row; I had flown about 30 in 7. I believe my First Officer was tired although he DIDN't indicate this to me,Duty Cycle;Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
301540,AS we approached the runway; the Captain gave me the airplane and took the radios. after completing the runway checks; he was on the radios; radios were off on my side. supplemental information from ACN 301542: First Officer received Instrument Flight Rules clearance on ground at DNV while I completed the manifest. the clearance included instructions to hold for release and contact champaign when we were at the runway and ready. I taxied the aircraft to the departure runway; accomplishing the required CHKLISTS with the First Officer. when all CHKLISTS were completed; I asked the First Officer if he was ready to go; and his answer was yes. I released the aircraft to him for takeoff and took over communications; advising area traffic on the Common Traffic Advisory Frequency of our departure. just n of DNV; I contacted champaign departure to check-in off of DNV. at this time; I was informed by Air Traffic Control that we had not been released off of DNV. the controller issued an Instrument Flight Rules clearance and we proceeded on the flight as normal. when reviewing the clearance as part of our before takeoff checklist; the First Officer did not indicate; nor did I inquire about a hold for release restrict. after completing the runway checklist while holding short; I switched over to Common Traffic Advisory Frequency and made a transmission of our intentions. the First Officer assumed I was contacting Air Traffic Control for a release. I assumed we were released Instrument Flight Rules from DNV,Other;Resource Deficiency
301835,LAX bound for DFW. at approximately XA00Z; flight called dispatch on company frequency. they said they had a cocked landing gear (right gear); that was not fully retracted. they were using operating manual for reference on AIRSPD. they had calculated and felt they could continue flight. also; based on looking at charts used for planning of flight. I recalculated fuel burn based on 230 Knots Indicated Airspeed at FL250. since weather en route was good and destination; we felt continuing flight was possible. crew said fuel flow was a little better than charts indicated. I revised release showing dal as ALTN. they arrived DFW after burning ALTN fuel and into reserve. if you use the abnormal section of operating manual and that AIRSPD; fuels look good for continuing flight based on winds/temperatures stored in company computer. flight over burned; but I'Mach Number not aware of variables that happen in flight. if you go back and use charts for planning of flight. they are much more restrictive based on all 3 gears down. if work load was different at the time and all the phone calls to maintenance reference gear problem; phone patches for maintenance talking to crew etc; I may have talked to crew more closely on difference between planning figures and after takeoff figures,Resource Deficiency
302124,LEVEL at 7000 feet departing mia. heading 340 degree. given a climb clearance to 16000 feet. out of about 9000 feet Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II went Traffic Advisory to Resolution Advisory. reduced rate of climb. a 727 about 1700 feet above us was the conflict. closest we came to the 727 was about 2 mile and 1500 feet. the First Officer and I are certain of the climb clearance given us by Air Traffic Control. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II worked as advertised,Other
304280,CLRNC was right 15 degree to intercept radial for arrival route; descend to 17000 feet; expecting womac at 13000 feet and 250 Knots. distracted by altimeter setting at FL180 during descent; all 3 pilots missed 1000 feet call and I had been thinking 13000 feet. looked at altitude warning indicator passing 16900 feet and saw 17000 feet set in window; asked crew about cleared altitude and received call from center at about the same time. stopped descent at 16400 feet and was in the process of leveling at 17000 feet when RECLRED to maintain 16000 feet. controller was asked if there had been a loss of separation or if this would be a problem. controller stated no alarm went off and indicated there would be no report. we could not believe that all of us missed our 1000 feet call and this occurrence left us pretty rattled,Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
304777,WE had just leveled off at FL290 -- cabin altitude reached 10000 feet Mean Sea Level with a slow 500 Feet Per Minute cabin climb; an emergency descent was initiated and an emergency was declared -- diverted to ABQ (nearest suitable) to an OVERWT landing. no crew or passenger injuries. a POSTFLT WALKAROUND discovered that the forward cargo netting was not secured and some straps and fasteners were caught in the door seal resulting in a gap and subsequent loss of cabin air and pressurization -- door was locked securely. straps and fasteners appeared worn; any worn or difficult to fasten netting must be replaced. in addition to checking proper door lock and visual inspection of the seal must be made. the straps and fasteners were quite visible even though the door was closed properly,Resource Deficiency
305250,ON flight from YNG to CAK I was the First Officer with Pilot Flying duties. our cruising altitude was 4000 feet en route. we were vectored down to the Instrument Landing System runway 19 at CAK. the Captain; who was also acting as my initial operations instructor; was in a foul mood the entire day and lent no advice or pointers and more importantly he established an antagonistic and unsafe atmosphere from the start of the day. he began by briefing me with 'I want to see the bitch in you today.' I was shocked and offended but I tried to glean something constructive from the comment by thinking about being more aggressive and assertive while flying. the Captain also urged me to fly the airplane as fast as the gear and flap limits would permit. I did exactly what he asked for by flying at 180 Knots (gear down/extension and flaps 15 degree extension speed) to the derby outer marker on the Instrument Landing System runway 19 at CAK. at that point I called for 'flaps 15 degree gear down.' the Captain said; 'no' so I hesitated a couple of seconds to look at him in disbelief and said 'why not?' 'too close to OVERSPD;' he said. I reacted by bringing the power to flight idle as the Auto-Pilot had captured and was following the Glideslope down -- all the while we're starting to pick up AIRSPD. I estimated 1/2 way down the Glideslope the aircraft had slowed to 178 Knots. I again called for flaps 15 degree gear down; then confirmed 3 green gear lights and asked for flaps 20 degree; landing checks. at 500 feet above ground level the rain increased from moderate to heavy. I was intent upon not losing my scan but was thinking about locating and finding my windshield wiper 'on' button and pressing it. as we approached the 300 feet mark I momentarily looked up and pressed the button 'on.' 100 feet previous to that (400 feet above ground level) the Auto-Pilot had disengaged so I was hand flying it. as I looked up to press my windshield button on; the Glideslope began to descend and we moved 1/2 Department Of Transportation off course. this I know because it is what I saw when I looked back at the Electronic Flight Instrument System. the Captain then excitedly announced; 'I've got it' and took the airplane. he then positioned the airplane back in an attitude to make a landing but he had momentarily added power; then retarded it back to flight idle. he then announced 'ok; you've got it.' I said 'I have the airplane.' I took the controls and crossed the threshold. I remember thinking that being at VREF plus 20 Knots was a little fast and I thought that the tailwind of 9 Knots would not affect our glide and touchdown too much. I was in error on this judgement as I took the airplane and I landed well past the touchdown zone (approximately 1000 feet). at the gate; an airline pilot asked who was flying the airplane?' the Captain stated; 'the First Officer.' pilot; 'did you have everything under control up here?' Captain then replied; 'yes; it was under control.' airline pilot; 'I'Mach Number still going to call the Federal Aviation Administration because if that'S how you fly all of the time then it'S unsafe!' Captain then replied; 'everything was under control.' the flight back to ord was without incident. I don't think the Captain; who rarely flies the line and who ISN't a regular initial operations instructor; was prepared to trust me. there was a lot of confusion on my part as to why he DIDN't give me flaps 15 degree; gear down; because he had asked us to fly fast so we could make schedule. I'LL prevent this from happening again by flying slower (then I'Mach Number not trying to push the limit of the flaps and gear). I will add power and go around if the landing is out of the touchdown zone. this will also prevent me from breaking Federal Aviation Regulation 121.651 ever again. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR flew with the company check airman on the following trip. she states that she was told that she was 'doing a fine job.' the First Officer has not flown with management since; but does not view her job 'positively' as a result of the rough beginning. the aircraft flown was a bae Airline Transport Pilot Certificate; Airline Transport Pilot Certificate. maximum takeoff gross weight is 50500 pounds and it is a low wing turboprop operated under part 121 (64 passenger seats),Attitude;Other;Proficiency
305679,AFTER PUSHBACK the aircraft rolled onto the disconnected tow bar. aircraft returned to JETWAY for maintenance inspection; both NOSEWHEEL/tire assemblies were removed and replaced. aircraft returned to service. after the tug driver disconnected the tow bar and headset; he did not depart but remained in front of the aircraft under the nose; not visible from the flight deck. when the MARSHALLER was given the taxi signal they did not maintain the hold signal; momentarily moving the wands to the ready to assume control signal and back to the hold signal. during this moment the brakes were released -- the aircraft rolled onto the tow bar; and then the brakes were reapplied. corrective action: tug drivers -- after cleared to disconnect; depart; or at least move to a position visible from the flight deck. MARSHALLERS -- better training. pilots -- when the procedures break down; it is our responsibility to back them up. diligently observe the departure/tow bar and tug. delay setting switches and performing PRETAXI flow until the above is completed. airplanes -- nose window or camera or mirrors (not likely),Proficiency
306057,I met the aircraft and inbound crew in PDX. talked to crew and was told that the aircraft was a good one. no MELS on release. we then flew the aircraft to SJC. we then left the aircraft and spent the night in SJC. the following evening (jun/thu/95) after getting home; I was told by my wife to call the company. I was then informed that the aircraft that I flew to SJC had an open item in the 206 book at the time I flew it (may/wed/95; XA15 local time). I did not see the write-up when I looked at the logbook nor was I informed of it. I was told on jun/thu/95 that the write- up concerned the cockpit door; which worked just fine for us,Resource Deficiency
306200,I was in the lavatory. when I got in the cockpit First Officer informed me the aircraft deviated 500 feet from assigned altitude due to unknown Auto-Pilot disconnect. he had returned aircraft to proper altitude. rest of flight was uneventful,Resource Deficiency
308972,ACTING as safety pilot and Pilot In Command on instrument flight; Missed Approach Point was initiated at afj. aircraft was cleared to climb to 5000 feet direct to CAMOR Nondirectional Radio Beacon; Pilot Flying tuned Nondirectional Radio Beacon to CAMOR and turned to Nondirectional Radio Beacon; Nondirectional Radio Beacon needle swung to 300 degree; pilot turned to heading. controller then told our aircraft to descend immediately to 3000 feet; our aircraft was climbing through 4500 feet. after descending immediately to comply to Air Traffic Control normal needle indications were noted and flight continued normally. I was at the time tuning Global Positioning System to Navigational Aid at connellsville airport. aircraft #2 (cessna 182) proceeding direct to AGC for AGC VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range runway 5 approach at 3000 feet; also in Instrument Meteorological Conditions conditions. as noted earlier Nondirectional Radio Beacon indicated 300 degree connellsville airport was se of our position. there was an error Pilot Flying the aircraft did not detect; I did not notice this due to tuning Global Positioning System in the center console of our aircraft. I should have been monitoring Pilot Flying the aircraft closer. Pilot Flying was instrument rated with Instrument Flight Rules experience,Preoccupation;Proficiency
309383,MANEUVERING hot air balloon basket through a stand of trees to slow down for landing. the balloon basket clipped 2 power lines and knocked them to the ground. we landed safely a short distance away in a field with several other balloons. there was no damage to the balloon or any occupants. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR was flying a head ax-88 balloon in the event at greenville. the winds were 'rather strong.' several balloons had already landed in the field that she chose for landing. she deliberately flew through the top of a tree to slow down only to find that there was a single pair of wires embedded in the trees. she hit the wires hard enough that they broke; or burned; immediately. there was no damage to the balloon or injury to her or her passenger; or to anyone on the ground. the wires started no fire. the power company was on the spot in about 10 minutes. the RPTR notified the event organizers and later the Federal Aviation Administration. she has heard nothing further from the Federal Aviation Administration on this. fortunately the lines were relatively low voltage,Unexpected
309733,WHILE taxiing from parking spot at tie-down; a parked truck was 15 feet in front of my aircraft. it was perpendicular and in my blind spot. I turned the aircraft to the right and ran into the driver side door. no one was in the car or hurt. my aircraft is a piper pacer tail DRAGGER; with poor visibility over the hood,Physical Environment
310144,APPROX 20 mile NW of MIQ while in radar contact with SVZM control we were cleared direct to LODIR after MIQ VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; then flight plan route to maintain FL290. abeam angel intersection we were cleared to FL330. prior to the point where our direct route from MIQ VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range to LODIR intersected UA 315 from KUMUT to ALBOG we observed an aircraft on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II 40 mile to our left and slowly converging with us. this traffic turned out to be also a B767 which departed mia 6 minutes ahead of us; and was also at FL330. we were able to maintain visual contact with him at all times. First Officer was in 80 mile range on his Horizontal Situation Indicator; First Officer was the relief pilot in the Captain seat as Captain had started his crew rest. it appeared the aircraft was drifting our way and SVZM control was questioned about the traffic; they stated it was on a different route. First Officer went to the 10 mile scale and stated that if the traffic breaks the 5 mile arc he would start a climb. soon after that the traffic came inside the 5 mile arc and First Officer started a climb. at approximately 34200 feet the traffic passed under and slightly in front of our aircraft. at about this time Captain returned to the cockpit to inquire about the altitude change. there was no Traffic Advisory or Resolution Advisory at any time. we were then able to establish radio contact with the 767 on 130.55. they confirmed they were on their assigned route and altitude. after we were clear of traffic we advised SVZM control of the incident and asked what altitude they wanted us to maintain. they indicated we could stay at FL350. we asked them 3 times about our altitude and they seemed indifferent and had no idea of what was going on. at this time First Officer explained to SVZM control in spanish what had happened and they cleared us to FL330. even after being told in spanish; they did not seem to feel what had happened was a problem,Attitude;Communication Environment;Other
310590,FUEL IMBAL. aircraft delivered to gate from hangar by maintenance approximately 40 minutes prior to departure. accomplished PREFLT and before start CHKLISTS and did not notice the fuel XFEED lever in the on position. fuel checks were accomplished on CLBOUT and initial cruise with normal fuel gauge readings. the later part of cruise was busy with altitude changes and weather deviations. on descent into PHX while accomplishing descent checklist items; First Officer noticed fuel XFEED lever in the on position. First Officer brought this to my attention and we both noticed the fuel IMBAL on the main tank gauges. left main was 1700 pounds and right main was 8200 pounds. we immediately accomplished the Quick Reference Handbook procedure for XFEED operation INFLT to correct the IMBAL. after discussion with First Officer we requested holding airspace from PHX approach control and notified PHX operations of our delay. PHX operations contacted tulsa technician per my request. PHX operations relayed our fuel IMBAL problem. technician requested to speak directly with us via ARINC. I established ARINC radio contact with technician and they advised landing with fuel within limits by burning down. we acknowledged and notified Air Traffic Control of our intention to hold for 35 minutes to resolve a fuel IMBAL problem. advised PHX operations of same. we planned to commence the approach and land with fuel within balance limits and with better than reserve fuel. we accomplished a normal approach/landing at PHX and taxied to gate. after review; we noticed the white high visibility x on the XFEED lever was very dirty; decreasing its visibility. this may have contributed to the lever not being noticed,Resource Deficiency
311130,DURING arrival into DFW; we crossed the rome fix at 10000 feet Mean Sea Level instead of at 9000 feet Mean Sea Level as assigned by DFW approach. deviation was caused by a late initiation of descent from last assigned altitude of FL240; and subsequent late use of speed brakes to increase descent rate. we advised approach control of our inability to meet the altitude restrict approximately 8 mile prior to rome,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
314070,AS soon as we got the handoff; approach turned us 30 degree right and cleared us to 5000 feet with a request to expedite descent. the Captain then initiated the descent out of 12000 feet at a good rate. as we approached 10000 feet; the First Officer was communicating with UNICOM reference customs agent; so AIRSPD call at 10000 feet was late; aircraft was going through 9500 feet before AIRSPD was reduced to 250 Knots Indicated Airspeed. combination of events; and their timing; in association with the crew'S EXPECTANCE of a standard clearance contributed to the AIRSPD excursion. even though there was no conflict with other traffic; the heavy communication workload delayed the checklist longitude enough to allow the AIRSPD deviation,Pressure;Taskload
314464,I was the Captain and flying the aircraft into BRU-EBBR. Automatic Terminal Information Service RPTED landing on runway 25L. due to a buildup; we were sent n of the published arrival. heading E; we were downwind and n of the airport for a right OPS Base Operations Office to runway 25L. approach then changed our landing runway to runway 25R. we re-selected the Instrument Landing System to runway 25R and IDENTED it. we were then given a heading to intercept the localizer; and cleared for the approach to runway 25R. what we had not done in our haste was to change the runway/Instrument Landing System selected in the Flight Management Computer; so the Missed Approach Point display showed the extended CTRLINE of runway 25L. false localizer captures are a known problem at BRU and I had seen that a few times; once earlier in the month for runway 25L. the Auto-Pilot was in use and the localizer was captured. I looked at the Missed Approach Point display and saw we were still well right of the CTRLINE. so I stated out loud that I thought we had a false localizer capture and returned to the intercept heading. we were Instrument Meteorological Conditions Instrument Flight Rules in the clouds of a passing shower without visual contact with the airport. at some point; approach asked if we knew that we were cleared to runway 25R; then turned us to the right to heading 280 degree to intercept the localizer. about this time; the second copilot saw runway 25L was on the Missed Approach Point. at that point; the clouds broke some and I could see runway 25L. after reaching the runway 25R localizer I could see the runway CLRLY. I felt the workload increasing and thought it would add to the confusion. I elected to make a missed approach. I believed we were too fast and a little high. this caught approach control by surprise; but we were then issued vectors for another approach to runway 25R,Other
314840,WHILE climbing out of TPA at about 14000 feet; the #2 fire warning bell and light illuminated momentarily (less than 2 seconds). fire warning system was tested and checked out normally. all engine indications were normal at all times. talked to dispatch and maintenance control and found aircraft had a history of false warnings for the #2 engine. I elected to make a precautionary return to tampa. I coordinated with Air Traffic Control and dumped 3000 pounds of fuel. I returned to tampa using #2 engine at reduced power. landing normal. no evidence found by tampa maintenance of any obvious engine problem,Resource Deficiency
315166,DURING the flight from the W coast; we continued to OVERBURN our flight plan fuel. this was due to weight; temperature; wind; and deviating around convective weather. 1 hour 40 minutes prior to landing we advised dispatch of the situation. 1 hour prior to landing; we called again and requested a fuel stop. our figures showed we would arrive with 1 hour fuel remaining; not enough for alternate and reserve. dispatch requested that we press on to destination; they would call ZID and day approach and get us priority handling. we advised Air Traffic Control we were 'minimum fuel.' upon arrival in the terminal area dayton advised that we were #6 for the runway and the Flight Engineer advised we had 55 minutes of fuel remaining. I did not want to take the delay and burn another 12-18 minutes of fuel; so we declared an emergency; went directly to the final and landed. although the weather was good; this is a single runway airport and arriving with less than 45 minutes fuel leaves one with no options. chief pilot was upset at my decision to declare emergency and hinted that disciplinary action may follow. he further stated that had I fuel stopped with that much fuel onboard; I would be in 'real trouble!,Physical Environment;Pressure
315495,AN Emergency Medical Service helicopter was dispatched to the ZZZ airport where a parachutist had missed his drop zone; and descended into a heavily wooded area near the airport (approximately 1/2 mile n of the runway threshold). when the helicopter arrived over the airport; there were multiple; small fixed wing aircraft in the traffic pattern. we announced ourselves as an Emergency Medical Service aircraft that would be orbiting overhead; locate the landing zone setup by the ground rescue team. pilot asked the cessna traffic if they were aware of the emergency situation. an aircraft responded with 'yes; we are aware of the situation.' a small aircraft in the pattern continued flying around the pattern and training with no regard to the emergency situation within the traffic pattern. after a few minutes of avoiding the fixed wing traffic; we requested over UNICOM frequency that all aircraft clear the actual time Of arrival so we could locate and RECON the emergency landing zone setup by the ground rescue team. contributing factors: 3 small; single engine; fixed wing aircraft were sighted by the Emergency Medical Service crew during the search for the landing zone. all the aircraft apparently disregarded the Emergency Medical Service helicopter until the insistent request to clear the airport area was made by the pilot of the Emergency Medical Service helicopter. the aircraft'S continued operation within the airport traffic pattern hindered and delayed the Emergency Medical Service helicopter crew in the performance of their duties. the inaction of the private pilots operating at the airport could have potentially caused a midair collision with the Emergency Medical Service operator. corrective action: there needs to be more awareness training in the emergency situation in and around UNCTLED airports. create an emphasis on airspace priorities or aircraft performance emergency rescue or search operations in UNCTLED airspace,Attitude;Proficiency
315833,I was monitoring the radio calls of a helicopter student pilot for clarity and proper format. the offending aircraft announced they were '8 mile out and ---' something about a maneuver and a low pass. 3 CESSNAS were flying the pattern in left closed traffic off runway 19. the aircraft proceeded to fly what might be described as a modified straight-in at high speed and made several radio calls intimidating the traffic already in the pattern. he announced that he was 'right behind' one cessna who was then forced to execute a go around. then; as he made his low pass; he forced another cessna to change course and altitude as he announced that he was 'right off your right wing.' the airport manager was also monitoring and came on frequency to tell the offender 'not at this airport' with regard to what the offender claimed to be an 'approved military maneuver.' this is a situation where the group mistakenly believes themselves to be operating military style. the problem is two-fold. a non-standard traffic pattern and a radio call announcing something with which other aircraft are not familiar and therefore cannot avoid; reckless disregard. this gentleman should have his ticket pulled and buy a flight simulator if he wants to play air force at a civilian airport,Attitude;Familiarity
316240,OUR flight from SBA to lax had been busy from the start. an arrival rush was on and we just made our departure slot time for flow control. upon entering SOCAL approach airspace we were immediately told to slow to 180 Knots as fast as possible; we were 190 Knots faster than an MD11 that we would follow. a couple of delay vectors got us spaced adequately behind him and back into the normal flow of ARRS. he was assigned the Instrument Landing System for runway 24L and we would get a visual for runway 24R. when asked if we had the MD11 in sight I said I had several planes in view but could not identify the MD11. SOCAL approach then gave us a turn from downwind to an angling final saying we could pick him up on the new S westward heading and fly a visual approach reference the MD11. now things got real busy real fast. our SW heading was being arrived at just as we reached the extended runway 24R CTRLINE and the Pilot Flying (Auto-Pilot flown) rolled out on heading while I picked up the airport/runway. I told the pilot to turn to W now not saying that we were crossing the approach paths of both runway 24R/left; there WASN't that much time. in the right turn I caught first our shadows and immediately thereafter sight of the MD11 below us on the runway 24L localizer. I told the pilot to add power and do not descend and he would soon see the MD11 on his side as we crossed overhead him and took our place on his right wing where we continued our successful approach and landing. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II was operating at the time and did give us a Traffic Advisory with no Resolution Advisory having been received. while it was calling out 'traffic traffic' I was informing the Pilot Flying where it was and that it 'should be' the MD11 we were looking for. add to all this one call from SOCAL approach telling us not to fly over; I think he said; to the other approach paths; and you can imagine that we had one very busy and somewhat noisy cockpit. I believe our failure to locate the MD11 prior to our OPS Base Operations Office leg turn was the largest contributing factor to what could have been a larger problem than what it was,Communication Environment;Other;Taskload
316568,INBOUND to CLT; approaching over se gate with n operation. initially planned; briefed; and set radios for runway 36R. first contact with approach advised runway 36L. re-briefed runway 36L and set up Flight Management Computer accordingly. First Officer forgot to change Instrument Landing System frequency and I DIDN't catch it. I was in navigate with intercept leg to the marker for the left side; and CLT tuned manually so I could more easily keep track of the bearing to the station and the Distance Measuring Equipment. level 3600 feet; then heading 340 degree to intercept the localizer at 3000 feet or above; cleared for the approach. moments later; I realized that we had intercepted the localizer and were starting to descend on the Glideslope. approximately 3300 feet Mean Sea Level; approach asked if we were established on the localizer. after looking at my Course Deviation Indicator tracking Lateral Navigation off the Flight Management Computer for runway 36L and noting almost CTRED as well as the First Officer'S Course Deviation Indicator tracking the localizer (CTRED); I responded affirmative. approach advised that we appeared to be heading for runway 36R; cleared us to 2300 feet with a left turn to call the airport visually. we both picked it up moments later and were cleared to an uneventful landing on the correct runway. I met the controller in person shortly afterward to explain what had happened. he mentioned that it had not caused any difficulties and that being alert to what happened to us was part of his job. he said that he could have assisted better by mentioning the new Instrument Landing System frequency when he gave us the change. while that may have worked; it was still our mistake. I had been lulled into complacency by having an excellent First Officer. the perception of an eventual visual approach and the total familiarity with our home airport. I always check the First Officer'S radio set-up and had so before the change in plan. the next time; I will be more alert; especially after a change in plan. also; I always (as the Pilot Not Flying) change to the Instrument Landing System frequency sometime during the approach. now I will do so no later than approach clearance with an identify,Attitude;Proficiency
316913,FLEW aircraft from memphis to oakland (flight AB) and on takeoff went to raise the gear and the gear would not come up. went through appropriate CHKLISTS determined to come back and land. when we put the flaps to 30 degree; we had an aural warning horn which tells us the gear is not down and locked. did a fly-by with the tower to see if gear was down. went through the CHKLISTS a second time and came back for a successful landing. PRE-departure checked the logbook and discovered that the aircraft had a gear problem inbound to memphis. they performed corrective action before we left for oakland. after returning from our gear problem; maintenance noticed on the gear write-up; that the mechanic put the corrective action in the logbook but did not put his signature in the book. because of this action; maintenance has put a voluntary disclosure to the Federal Aviation Administration. because of this incident; I am sending in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration report because of the issues involved. our flight safety department is seeking corrective action,Resource Deficiency
318136,AT gate in oak the aft AIRSTAIRS were retracted; the amber 'aft AIRSTAIRS' light on so'S panel extinguished but the green 'aft AIRSTAIRS' light remained on. the AIRSTAIRS were visually confirmed closed after cycled open and closed. the aircraft Minimum Equipment List confirmed we could (Flight Crew) placard the discrepancy and proceed with flight. per the Minimum Equipment List maintenance action; dispatch approval was not required to placard and dispatch the flight. we proceeded with the flight to SLC. contacted maintenance control on the radio and satisfied all requirements of the Minimum Equipment List. we had an Federal Aviation Administration air carrier inspector in the JUMPSEAT who questioned our ability to placard and dispatch our flight. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the ACI had questioned the Flight Crew'S ability to placard inoperative items without dispatch approval. RPTR felt that the ACI took things too seriously. due to the inspector'S questions; however; the Flight Crew sought the chief pilot'S review and advice. the chief pilot could not find fault with crew action. supplemental information from ACN 317355: received logbook reference from maintenance control in ATL; had checked FOM and Minimum Equipment List; felt no discrepancy was apparent as to my actions,Attitude;Resource Deficiency
318489,EXCEEDED 250 Knots below 10000 feet. exceeded 20 Knots in airport control zone. landed at AIRSPD well above comfort factor but well within aircraft limitations. contributing factors: late night and longitude day. Cockpit Resource Management factors: Captain allowed himself to push aircraft speed too high in order to expedite landing. alienated crew by jeopardizing us with possible Federal Aviation Regulation violation. First Officer; not forceful enough verbally to cause Captain to slow aircraft; and cause Captain to execute go around in order to re-establish comfort factor during approach and landing. First Officer notified union'S professional standards committee in order to document problem for future and past judgement lapses by this crew. supplemental information from ACN 318887: during descent to land; AIRSPD exceeded 250 Knots to 280 Knots below 10000 feet. returned to below 250 Knots approximately 7000 feet. due to higher than RPTED winds; also exceeded 200 Knots within airport traffic control area by 20 Knots. touchdown uneventful at 160 Knots,Attitude;Duty Cycle;Pressure
318849,I was chosen to fly 1 airplane back to the university. our university has high maintenance standards and our policies call for specific information to be placed on a card with any aircraft that is dispatched. I was recently told of a new airworthiness directive on the C152 involving the propeller. before departing on the flight; the aircraft showed on the TACH that we had 3.4 hours left before I thought the airworthiness directive was due. our coach had warned us all week that the 50 hour and the airworthiness directive were close to being due; but were not to occur at the same time. I flew the first leg from purdue university to evansville; in. upon landing; we discovered that we only had 1.5 hours left before the time on the card. I told the other members (who had met at the airport) that I could not fly the airplane because with the strong headwinds I knew we would never make it and would overfly the airworthiness directive. being sunday; no one was at our flight school for an Federal Aviation Administration ferry permit; and our coach was in a van somewhere in indiana. 1 member who works the line called our chief mechanic and spoke with him. he said that the time on the form was incorrect and applied to the 50 hour not the airworthiness directive; and that we were ok to go. I felt very hesitant about taking the airplane; but succumbed to pressures and trusted that what he said was true. I flew the airplane home; spending the entire time wondering if I was going to lose my career. I know it is my responsibility to confirm that the airplane has been complied with in terms of inspections; but in this situation I trusted all those around me. when I got home; we were .2 over on the TACH. I have been unable to confirm today that the airworthiness directive was not violated,Physical Environment;Pressure
319141,I began a cross country flight starting from oun to 3K1 (alva; ok) to TUL back to oun in cessna 182. on the previous day had filled the 2 tanks with 23.9 gals of 91 octane motor vehicle fuel. at about AM00 I planned the 355 Nautical Mile flight. the plane has 55 gals of usable fuel; burns approximately 15 gals/hour in cruise at 22 inches HG manifold pressure and 2200 Revolutions Per Minute; for a burn time of 4 hours 40 minutes. the AIRSPD at 4000-6000 feet altitude is approximately 117 Knots normally requiring 3 hours for the 355 Nautical Mile flight. as part of the PREFLT I climbed a ladder to visually insure the tanks were topped off. the RPTED surface wind was 180 degree at 15-20 Knots. after taking off from oun; I experienced radio trouble and turned back to oun. the OKC approach called the oun tower for me to do a straight in on runway 17. I acknowledged clearance by clicking the push to talk switch. after having the radio transmit portion of the radios repaired I left for alva; ok; at around 2 hours 30 minutes later. after the alva stop; I flew to tulsa international and was instructed to taxi from the E side to the W side of the field. during the tulsa stop; I had to taxi back across the field and waited approximately 15 minutes before taking off. at about XY00 pm on final for oun; I ran out of gas. I called the tower to report mayday and that I was out of gas. I veered to the left of the Glideslope; set up a normal glide; and attempted to land in a pasture. I landed in rough terrain taking out the nose and right main gear. 1 propeller blade was bent and there was damage to the wingtips; cowling; and cabin area. the time spent on the return to oun for radio repair; the oun to 3K1 leg; the 3K1 to TUL leg; the longitude taxis at TUL; the longitude 'hold short' wait at TUL and the strong headwinds from TUL to oun exhausted a fuel supply that would have exceeded the 30 minute reserve safety margin,Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
319462,AFTER landing on runway 21 at DCA my copilot pulled the condition lever back to taxi/start position (which is a normal procedure). he unfortunately went over the stop gate and shut the left engine off. we were clear of the runway and on the taxiway. I asked him if he had moved the condition lever over the gate to the fuel shut off position and he denied he had. due to engine temperature and not knowing what caused the engine to shut down I elected to have Fixed-Base Operator tow the airplane in. I spoke with our maintenance and was told what to look for; and how to reset the condition lever. I started the engine and checked it; it worked fine,Proficiency
319820,DEN Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility cleared my aircraft for a visual approach to runway 35R to follow a B757 turning right OPS Base Operations Office to final -- also on a visual approach. our separation from the B757 was 6 mile as RPTED by the approach controller. I briefed my copilot regarding my intentions to avoid the vortices of the B757 -- we would maintain a glide path at least 1 Department Of Transportation above the Glideslope and fly an AIRSPD of VREF plus 15 Knots. after the briefing; approach control issued instructions for me to maintain an AIRSPD of 180 Knots to the outer marker. I complied with the instruction and observed the B757 fly what appeared to be a visual approach that was on the Glideslope. his touchdown point on the runway was between the 1000 feet and 1500 feet markers. I continued my approach and maintained a flight path 1-2 dots above the Glideslope. at approximately 350 feet above ground level; my aircraft encountered the wake vortices of the B757. 3 rapid full aileron deflections were made (right-left-right) to regain control of my aircraft. this action was followed by an immediate missed approach with an uneventful landing made on runway 26. den tower RPTED wind was 170 degree at 5 Knots when we RPTED in on the visual approach to runway 35R. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: callback in conjunction with wake turbulence incident callback questionnaire. RPTR says the most significant cause of the wake turbulence encounter was the Air Traffic Control instructions to maintain 180 Knots to the marker. initially; the separation from the B757 was 6 mile; but when it slowed at the marker and RPTR was holding 180 Knots; the separation rapidly decreased to within RPTR estimated 3 mile when encounter occurred. RPTR also thinks the tailwind causes an aberration in the dissipation of vortices and that the tailwind may tend to keep the vortices at altitude longer rather than dissipate downward. he says that in the future he will be very wary of following a B757 on approach and would definitely not accept a higher approach speed when behind a 757,Physical Environment
320428,WE were inbound to luk on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan with good Visual Meteorological Conditions and airport in sight. the approach controller cleared us for a visual approach to runway 25 with instructions to keep our 'speed up.' we were positioned on a wide left OPS Base Operations Office to runway 25 when Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility handed us off to luk tower. when we RPTED our position to the tower controller; he advised us of Visual Flight Rules inbound traffic (a piston twin) at our 1 O'clock position and instructed me to widen my pattern to follow that traffic. I gained visual contact with the piston aircraft and turned to a heading of approximately 360 degree for lateral separation. on this heading; my copilot called to my attention inbound traffic at our 12:30 O'clock position. he then asked the tower controller if he was working the aircraft. the tower controller responded that the traffic was an inbound citation still on approach control frequency. at this time my aircraft and the citation were on converging flight paths. I instructed my copilot to maintain visual contact with the citation as I maneuvered my aircraft in a left turn for spacing behind the inbound piston aircraft now on final. while in the turn; my copilot advised me that the citation traffic was on a collision course with us and that I had 'better get it down.' there was urgency in his advisory; and it was followed by a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II traffic alert indicating the close proximity of the citation (less than 400 feet vertical separation). I nosed my aircraft over attaining a sink-rate of 1800 Feet Per Minute before initiating recovery. at this point my aircraft was lined up on final. as I looked out my cockpit side window; I could see the citation in a left turn passing directly overhead with less than 500 feet vertical separation. my visual approach was completed without further incident. it appears that poor communication between CVG Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility and luk tower coupled with the failure of the citation crew to maintain adequate visual separation from my aircraft Light Emitting Diode to this incident with near tragic consequences,Communication Environment;Proficiency
320841,PRIOR to push back of a B737 from SJC to ramp the cockpit and ground crew (1 man) communicated and the response and challenge was completed. ground crew did a visual clearing of aircraft and cockpit advised ground control of push. approximately 30 seconds into the push back the aircraft made contact with a food service truck with the left wing. the truck was tipped on its side and aircraft left trailing edge of wing damaged. fire department alerted and a normal deplaning took place. the problem appears to be two-fold. being that manpower cut backs did not allow for wing walker nor did the driver of the truck appear to have knowledge of the aircraft movement; the truck apparently drove into position waiting for another aircraft between the time of the visual clearing and the push. also the truck parked in an aircraft movement zone. the outcome as to how this took place may also be noted as on time; on time versus safety; safety. we must insure that as time is compressed; we decrease our awareness and without backup (2 man) wing walker; etc. another area of concern is the ground crew did not keep the cockpit in the loop as to the extent of the contact. should a fuel spill or fire have resulted; have the first indication would have been from the cabin crew and that might be too late. also fire department should have direct communication to cockpit as to advise the (best) side to evacuate/evacuation should it become necessary,Other;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
321211,NORMAL approach and landing on runway 29 in lewiston; identification. after touchdown the aircraft pulled slightly right as light braking and reverse thrust was applied. correction to CENTERLINE was accomplished. as braking effort increased aircraft again began to pull to the right; this time with tendency not to correct back to CENTERLINE DISPITE attempts by the First Officer; with differential braking. as the runway edge approached; maximum braking and full rudder pressure on the left side failed to return the aircraft to center and the aircraft left the runway approximately 1500 feet from the departure end on the n side. the Captain engaged the nose wheel steering and brought the aircraft back to the runway. missing a single runway light. maintenance concluded; after visual and high speed taxi tests that the left brake(S) were failing under medium to heavy braking loads; thus causing the pull to the right. no other damage was observed on the aircraft or the airport,Resource Deficiency
321664,THIS statement is given concerning the operation of a flight from MCO to SRQ. I served as Captain and Pilot Flying of that flight. the ship was a BEECHCRAFT 1900D model. the flight proceeded normally until we were (6) Distance Measuring Equipment NE of SRQ. as we were slowing to begin our approach to runway 32 in level flight at 3000 feet; the power levers were retarded to approximately 1500 feet pounds of torque. at that time there was a sudden loud bang accompanied by a right yaw; with an instantaneous increase in ITT; and complete loss of torque. after IDENTING and verifying the right engine loss; the air crew secured the engine. after stabilizing the situation; the crew declared an emergency and briefed passenger; where an uneventful single engine approach and landing was made,Resource Deficiency
322030,AFTER landing; taxi instructions were given during ROLLOUT. I was taking control of aircraft for taxi. crew must have missed (or transmission was blocked) instruction to enter ramp via taxiway E-11 or E-12. we turned on taxiway B after runway exit. ground asked if we got instructions for 'TXWYS E-11 or E-12 ramp entry.' our reply was we missed them or they were blocked. also; if taxi instructions could be given after we exit the runway; it would be easier to confirm the instructions as this is a busy time on the runway,Communication Environment
322543,RECEIVED clearance to push from LGA gate x to spot XY on taxiway a from ground control. the frequency was quite congested at this time; around XA45. eventually received clearance to taxi to the active runway; runway 13 via taxiway Mach Number and taxiway B to hold short of taxiway h. with 'after start' checklist complete we began taxiing as directed. most likely; on taxiway Mach Number; I went 'heads down' to review the weight and balance data now available on the Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System. I spent more time than usual reviewing the weight and balance data as flaps 1 degree was the best flap position presented which I found unusual for JT8D-15 ENGS. normally 5 degree flaps is the better choice; therefore; I paged through the data several times to verify that it was correct. while doing this; I heard the Captain remark 'I think we are on the runway' at which point I looked up from the Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System box on the pedestal to see that we were in fact taxiing NW on runway 13. further confirmation of this fact was in the form of an aircraft directly overhead at +200 feet. (I say this as we did not feel or really hear it go by.) high speed taxiway J was the next available exit. the Captain added power; turned on his lights and directed me to call tower and tell them we were on the runway. by the time I processed all this after looking up from the Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System; we were off the runway on taxiway J then back on taxiway B. total time from recognition to exit at taxiway J possibly as longitude as 30 seconds. I'Mach Number not sure ground was aware that we were on an active runway. during the lull in the chatter; ground asked us for our location; which was about the time we reached taxiway B from taxiway J. I assume they asked that question because of a query from the departing aircraft as to whether or not there was an aircraft on the runway. with respect to human factors there may have been some confusion as to our actual starting location. typically we are pushed back into our ramp area from which point we start ENGS and obtain taxi clearance. in this case; we were already on taxiway a at spot XY for engine start and taxi so I can see how taxiway B might have been confused for taxiway a and consequently the runway confused for taxiway B; particularly at night. while getting around LGA at night is usually no problem by virtue of the experience we all have having operated out of there for so longitude; LGA lighting is probably only average compared to other airports we work out of. LGA could benefit from more green taxiway CTRLINE lighting. these lights on TXWYS a and B might have helped to confirm that the runway we were heading for was in fact a runway and not a taxiway. additionally flashing yellow crossing lights; such as those used in bos; at TXWYS that intersect a runway would have helped. had I not been 'heads down' on a taxiway roughly perpendicular to an active runway I might have been able to prevent the incursion. I would also point out that this is not the first time that this has happened in LGA. while we never made it onto an active runway; there have been times during daylight operations where a turn was almost missed putting us in danger of going out on an active runway. in the future; I think I will wait to do weight and balance work until we are on a taxiway parallel to the active runway,Communication Environment;Other;Preoccupation
324130,A B727 flight to ATL was issued a takeoff clearance for runway 23L at cleveland hopkins airport. the aircraft started a takeoff roll on runway 28 from the intersection of runway 23L. it was not discovered by the local controller until the aircraft was past the runway 18 intersection; too late for an abort. the aircraft became airborne at the very end of the runway; barely. total length of the runway available was 4500 feet. this situation has occurred many times at cleveland hopkins. all previous occurrences have been resolved by either the controller instructing the pilot to abort; or the pilot aware of the mistake aborts on his own. someone is going to get killed! some possible solutions: 1) close and barricade runway 28 just beyond runways 23L or 23R; 2) designate taxiway W as the takeoff threshold for runway 23L; 3) place a large sign at the intersection of runways 28 and 23L advising pilots of the confusing intersection and 4) completely redesign the intersection to avoid the confusion. supplemental information from ACN 324152: aircraft cleared from gate area to taxi to runway 23L. turn was made onto taxiway J to hold short runway 23L. clearance was given for takeoff on runway 23L. all ramp; TXWYS and runways were snow covered and markings difficult to distinguish. a rolling takeoff was accomplished. at approximately 100 Knots Indicated Airspeed; the 3000 feet remaining was sighted and we were aware that we had taken off on runway 28 instead of runway 23. due to the ice and snow covered runway; an abort was not attempted and the takeoff continued. lift-off was accomplished within the runway confines but with only 1000 feet remaining. it was certainly our responsibility to align the aircraft on the proper runway for takeoff. contributing factors include: 1) failure of the Flight Crew to XCHK compass heading with that of the departure runway; 2) darkness in a snow covered environment; 3) no visible markings on any runway due to snow and ice coverage; 4) no visible lighted signs above the snow line; and 5) failure of the tower to monitor the position of the aircraft prior to or after the commencement of takeoff roll. recommendations: 1) a Notice To Airmen reemphasizing the special attention required during night operations at unfamiliar airports; 2) airport requirement to have lighted signs denoting each runway threshold especially where two intersect; and 3) airport requirement to clear the runway identify markings on all runways; but most especially those which intersect,Familiarity;Other;Physical Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
324379,FO (Pilot Flying) misread en route chart for radial outbound from HVQ on J8 (assigned). flew out on J6 till center asked us which airway we were on. labels for J6 and J8 are very close to each other on chart 8/9. one of these airways should be changed. in a dark cockpit it is very easy to get them confused especially if chart is distorted. due to extremely late flight due to weather; my mind was not on monitoring his navigate; as he is a superb First Officer and I had complete confidence in his abilities. I have heard many other FLTS queried about this problem in this area over my 16 YRS in airline operations. I should have sent in this form for this a longitude time ago. please see if Federal Aviation Administration can change designation of either J6 or J8 to something else. also; student controller in center DIDN't notice our error as she was very busy and DIDN't monitor our progress as maybe she (or her instructor) could have. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that the #8 and #9 chart to which he referred is a chart produced just for his company. therefore; no comparison could be made to the united states and commercial made en route high altitude charts. he advised that he was going to discuss this matter with their operations and see if the reference to the 2 airways could be set apart further to reduce the possibility of using the wrong airway. he was operating a B737-200 type aircraft,Other;Taskload
324558,WE departed 0A6 for a flight direct to LKR at an altitude of approximately 1700 feet Mean Sea Level. 1700 feet Mean Sea Level was chosen so as to stay clear of CLT class B airspace in the path of flight. we had set our altitude to the field elevation of 0A6 and felt confident that 1700 feet Mean Sea Level was clear of class B. during our first phase of flight under class B we stayed between 1760 feet and 1680 feet Mean Sea Level. when we felt we were clear of class B airspace we then climbed to 2000 feet Mean Sea Level for the flight to LKR. our climb was initiated approximately 5 mile from rockhill airport. at no time did we purposely enter class B airspace. our concern stems from the possibility that our mode Celsius encoder showed our altitude to be greater than or equal to 1800 feet Mean Sea Level in class B airspace when in reality our altimeter showed less than 1800 feet Mean Sea Level,Resource Deficiency
325177,DEPARTED YXU for direct flight to CLE. approximately 30 mile from CLE (10 minutes); aircraft started to pick up freezing rain. requested to leave assigned 4000 feet for 3000 feet Mean Sea Level. no freezing rain at 3000 feet; however; light rime. noticed windshield completely covered with ice (freezing rain/rime -- 1/4 - 1/2 inch). verified WINDSHEILD heat on; checked circuit breaker -- ok; determined windshield heat inoperative. cleveland Automatic Terminal Information Service RPTING 700 feet scattered 1400 feet overcast 3/4 snow flurries blowing snow wind 040 degree 25 Knots gusting to 40 Knots. WINDSCREEN completely covered with ice; determined could not use for approach or landing. flew Instrument Landing System runway 5R coupled approach; using side window (pilot'S side) for landing. at decision HT approach lights in sight; no runway. disengaged Auto-Pilot; continued approach manually. at approximately 50 feet above ground level still no runway. decided to abort landing. added power; flaps up; gear up. slipped aircraft to see runway. aircraft was positioned on CTRLINE crossing threshold. attempted to land power-off; flaps down; gear down. aircraft touched down approximately 2-3 seconds from power reduction. gear not down (possibly in transition). Federal Aviation Administration ruled incident; no violation. corrections: pilot should have continued with aborted landing -- could have found inversion (Outside Air Temperature at 4000 feet -2C); however; so close to destination; could have created problems on approach -- due to widespread snowstorm; no Visual Flight Rules within 1 hour flight. Flight Service Station may have had suggestions but that could take time; more time could mean more ice,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
326800,AFTER normal run-up all system checked ok. I picked up passenger at gate. taxied out to runway 29 for takeoff. before takeoff checks complete. First Officer had the leg. being the first flight of day torque was set to 3700 feet pounds. during takeoff roll Pilot Not Flying is to call out 'AUTOFEATHER armed' when the AUTOFEATHER ANNUNCIATORS illuminate. the AUTOFEATHER ANNUNCIATORS never illuminated and I called for an abort. I WASN't sure whey they DIDN't arm but I taxied back for another takeoff. during the taxi the First Officer and I pulled the AUTOFEATHER circuit breaker and put it back in and did another AUTOFEATHER test as well as another before takeoff checklist. I took the takeoff the second time and the AUTOFEATHER performed normally as it did the rest of the day. I believe the switches in the power levers should have worked but DIDN't. perhaps the First Officer HADN't pushed the power levers high enough. I thought that RECHKING the system and doing the takeoff myself where I could be sure the power levers were advanced Federal Aviation Regulation enough to arm the system was reasonable. I now understand that this had been questioned by Federal Aviation Administration personnel. they think the plane should have been shut down and maintenance called. I don't agree; but I'Mach Number submitting this report in case the Federal Aviation Administration takes some action against me. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the Federal Aviation Administration questioned why the Captain DIDN't return for maintenance inspection of the BE02 (D model) after they had aborted for a mechanical problem. the Captain states that he could not repeat the problem and that there is no policy stating when it is; or ISN't ok to reattempt takeoff. the RPTR was a relatively new Captain and it was First Officer'S first month on the line. he feels that the switches just DIDN't get hit; and the lack of AUTOFEATHER lights was a 'no go' in his mind. he experienced no further problems during his subsequent checks; and decided to continue the flight. he performed the takeoff and got the ANNUNCIATORS at the appropriate time when he ran the power up. RPTR submitted a report to company and no one seemed to think it was a problem; but the Federal Aviation Administration called (per tower report) and it became a problem. the principle operating inspector (poi) questioned the judgement involved in Flight Crew follow-up procedures and decision to continue the flight after the abort,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
327170,WENT to approach control. approach asked if we had the airport. we responded with 'we have the airport.' the approach controller cleared us for a visual to runway 35. we then requested runway 34R. the controller said ask the tower. when we checked on with the tower we requested runway 34R. the tower gave us a clearance to land on runway 34R. at approximately 3000 feet above ground level; tower said 'it looks like you are lined up on runway 34R.' we responded with 'yes; we were cleared to land on runway 34R.' an aircraft had pulled into position on runway 34R for takeoff. tower had him taxi clear and we landed. contributing factors: runway 34R and runway 35 have intersecting approach course and 2 different tower frequencies. we could not hear the clearance for the aircraft to taxi onto the runway. if we could have heard the taxi clearance; we would have responded in a timely manner and not had a conflict with the aircraft on the runway. we would of had enough time to line up and land on runway 35,Other
329086,CAME back to cockpit from rest break to find JFK calling category ii/III weather to runway 04; BNA as alternate. after 11 hour flight. Air Traffic Control was calling for weather category ii/III runway 04. on our vectors to runway 04 Air Traffic Control switched to runway 31R and called weather as 400 feet; 1 mile visibility. they DIDN't tell us runway 04 localizer went Out Of Service during our vectors to runway 04 or runway 31R. cleared for approach to runway 31R with 4000 feet localizer intercept just outside the outer marker; we set up a steep graduated rate of descent manually with vertical speed to intercept Glideslope from above; intercepting Glideslope at 400 feet with 800 feet rate of descent; got the Ground Proximity Warning System terrain warning; initiated manual go around following V-bars with 3000 Feet Per Minute rate of climb. at 1500 feet Air Traffic Control advised to level at 2000 feet. bear in mind we never broke out at 400 feet. also published missed approach calls for 4000 feet; not 2000 feet. with the high rate of climb; go around power; manual control go around; high nose attitude; we bumped past 2000 feet to 2300 feet then back down to 2000 feet. accepted another vector to runway 31R at 2000 feet without incident; but broke out at 200 feet and 1/2 mile; not the 400 feet 1 mile visibility they insisted in giving us for runway 31R. no Runway Visual Range was ever RPTED. Air Traffic Control needs to be more aware of aircraft type they are controling; aircraft performance; don't set us up 2000 feet above the normal Glideslope intercept altitude. don't set us up to intercept the Glideslope from above that close in to outer marker; report the real time weather and not scam us with weather that accommodates their choice of runways. provide real weather not bogus weather guess; realize also that the crew is coming off a 10-11 hour flight and crew fatigue. and workload combinations with weather,Duty Cycle;Other;Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
329500,AS a professional air show pilot I try to do everything having to do with flying right. as a professional engineer and authorized inspector; I always try to have the aircraft in tiptop condition. I have found nothing in my experience to be more disconcerting than a mechanical failure; no matter how minor; when my next flight is going to be made at low level; under highly stressful conditions; in front of over a large crowd; with my reputation on the line. bearing all this in mind; I have developed a set of CHKLISTS and procedures which pertain to the aerobatic portion of my air show performance. however; a recent incident leads me to believe that I have not paid enough attention to the ferry phase of my operation. the flight from my home OPS Base Operations Office to the air show site; some 200 nautical distant; was more or less uneventful. the weather was excellent; and I was in contact with either local approach or center for the entire trip. being fresh and rested; I did everything correctly; at least as Federal Aviation Regulation as I can recall. I may have been off on my cruise altitude for some portion of the flight; but I was under radar surveillance for the entire trip; and no one said anything; so I think I was probably at the correct altitude. a maintenance glitch; a blown tire; at the air show; added to an already stressful situation. because of worsening weather at my home OPS Base Operations Office the most prudent course of action was to depart on SATURDAY afternoon as soon as the air show was over. my first mistake was to fail to listen to the weather briefing that I obtained. it was clear that at my home OPS Base Operations Office the weather was deteriorating and getting colder. I elected to make the flight home in my air show garb: short pants; light shirt; and athletic shoes. conveying my urgency to the tower; I was cleared for an immediate taxi and departure from the intersection on runway 21. since the wind had been switching back and forth during the time of the air show; we were alternately using runway 21 and runway 3. when I arrived at the runway; I turned the wrong way and took off on the wrong runway. it was not a problem. tower cleared me to continue; but I was quite embarrassed about this. I flew at what I believe to have been the wrong cruising altitude for the first portion of my flight home. when instructed to squawk a particular code; I entered it in the standby side of my transponder and failed to switch it to the active side; before I was reminded to do so by approach. then; encountering clouds; I climbed up on top; even though I had adequate clearance underneath the clouds. I wanted to avoid the moderate turbulence that had been RPTED. so; I soon found myself in an unheated Visual Flight Rules only airplane; on top of a solid deck of 10500 feet; and about -20 degree Fahrenheit; very; very cold. since the weather was RPTED clear at my destination airport; I continued on; found a huge hole; and after notifying center; spiraled down through the hole with no further incident. I was informed by people watching me land that I made a very sloppy landing; as well. the point of the whole discussion is that I had departed after a very demanding air show; and also after having had to deal with unscheduled maintenance problems (the blown tire) probably without adequate nutrition and water. everything worked out fine. there was no damage to anything but my ego. however; at a number of junctures; I could have found myself in serious trouble. had I had a mechanical failure en route; I wonder if I could have handled it with the professionalism that I like to think I possess. what I have learned from this experience is that the demands of performing a low level high g air show in front of a large crowd are probably stressful enough to require at least a couple of hours rest; a thorough briefing; and complete preparation for the return flight. if possible; in the future; I will stay over another night at the air show site; in order to be better rested for the return. the aircraft that I fly is an unlimited competition airplane; and thus necessarily quite unstable and demanding to fly; no lights; and minimum amenities. the cockpit is quite comfortable but unheated. these factors combine to make ferrying the aircraft a demanding enterprise. to prevent a REOCCURRENCE of this scenario; I have developed a ferry checklist which I will attend to with the same enthusiasm for detail that I have currently applied to my PRE-show checklist,Physical Environment;Pressure;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
329978,I deviated from Air Traffic Control. I was instructed to hold short on taxiway A1 but proceeded across runway 19R/1L. I came head-on with a MULTI-engine aircraft when Air Traffic Control advised me that I was instructed to hold short and that I acknowledged. I swerved out of the way of the aircraft that was swerving the opposite direction to avoid collision. to avoid any future problems with Air Traffic Control instructions I will seek additional training on the subject of ground control. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states the aircraft was a C152. apparently the chief flight instructor filed the report with Federal Aviation Administration causing the resulting follow up and threatened penalties. RPTR is quite contrite and ready to learn proper procedures. this was his second solo flight,Proficiency
330390,THE flight was the originating flight from tampa to birmingham. I had watched the weather channel before leaving the hotel and saw that there was severe weather in alabama and georgia associated with a large front stretching across the southeastern states. arriving at the aircraft I was very concerned about the safety of flight through this weather system into birmingham. PREFLT was normal. I checked the logbook for any write-ups and for the airworthiness (a/W) release. after going back through the flight log I came to an airworthiness release dated mar/XX/96 and noted that today was the last day the release would be valid. what I failed to notice was that this airworthiness had a t- check circled and that the controling airworthiness release was a couple of pages further back dated FEB/XX/96. both airworthiness releases are identical with the exception that the controling airworthiness release will have an a; B; or Celsius check circled. we flew the sequence as scheduled up to ST louis; through birmingham; and back with an invalid airworthiness release. we turned the aircraft over to the pm crew in tampa and the Captain mentioned to me that they had terminated the same aircraft the night before and that this was the last day that the airworthiness release would be valid. either the Captain on further checking the flight log or maintenance control discovered that the airworthiness release was out of date and the aircraft was taken Out Of Service. because the two airworthiness releases are identical with the exception of which letter is circled; I feel this mistake could easily happen again; especially when there are numerous other problems facing the flight; IE; weather; route changes; etc. I believe there should be only one type of airworthiness release and that any other type of maintenance work or t-checks be signed off in another manner or place,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
330825,ACR x (radio call) was cleared for visual approach to runway 25L at las. localizer and Glideslope was intercepted at approximately 20 mile. landing gear was extended and landing checklist completed prior to Final Approach Fix (RELIN). flight was cleared to land after passing RELIN. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Traffic Advisory 'traffic' alert sounded passing approximately 1400 feet above ground level; followed immediately by Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory 'climb; climb.' a climb was initiated and Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory changed to 'monitor vertical speed' indicating level flight or climb was acceptable. following a 'clear of traffic' alert; a normal stabilized approach and landing was made to runway 25L. after the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II alert and evasive maneuver were completed; the tower was told of the Resolution Advisory and asked about traffic in the area. we were told they had both of us in sight and the second aircraft was a helicopter. once parked at the gate; the tower was called on the phone. the supervisor indicated that approach control should have notified us of the traffic. possible contributing factors: 1) radio traffic appeared heavy on approach control. 2) our flight was not turned over to the tower until inside the outer marker. 3) no mention of traffic was made by approach or tower; although tower had time to clear us to land and clear a flight for takeoff on runway 25R before our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory event,Communication Environment;Other
331281,DEPARTED fat Visual Flight Rules to visibility to perform series of night LNDGS. obtained clearance for Instrument Landing System approach to visibility en route. vectored to final approach course to maintain 2000 feet or above until established on localizer. stabilized at 2000 feet; 120 Knots; gear lever down at outer marker. checked mechanical gear indicator with flashlight and believed it to indicate down. did not see green light. continued approach; extended flaps at flare. attributed 'side tone' in headset to flap extension. landed gear up. notified approach control and UNICOM. turned fuel selector to off and shut down electrical system. gear lever down; gear circuit breaker out. no injuries; no passenger. cause of gear failure not known at present. cause of gear up landing: failure of pilot to check all gear indicators and warnings,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
331679,APCHING line of weather n of kraft; weather radar appeared to fail. requested and received clearance to deviate up to 75 Nautical Mile W of course. it became clear that additional deviation would be required. as we approached the 75 Nautical Mile limit; we requested and received clearance to deviate up to 125 Nautical Mile W of course. at this time we declared an emergency because we thought that we might need to exceed our clearance limit. I don't think that we did go beyond our clearance limit. after deviation we returned on course approximately 30 Nautical Mile S of kraft. the rest of the flight was normal,Physical Environment
333839,WHILE dropping skydivers over the RLD airport; I was in contact with both the approach control for nearby airport; tri- cities; and using my second radio to remain in contact with the local frequency at RLD. during the flight; approach control had not issued any traffic for me and I had no responses on the Common Traffic Advisory Frequency for local traffic at RLD. during the descent; at an altitude of approximately 4500 feet; I saw a glider pass under the pilot side window passing from right to left. the glider was probably not in my line of sight until about 10 seconds before the near collision. due to my angle of bank he was probably hidden by the nose of my aircraft. I was very shocked to see the glider so close. approach control did not show any targets (primary or mode Celsius) in the area. about 10 seconds after the incident an angry voice announced over Common Traffic Advisory Frequency; 'DEHAVILLAND! did you see the glider you almost ran over?' I replied that I saw him as he went by. he then responded; 'you need to check your Federal Aviation Regulations. gliders always have the right-of-way.' when the glider landed I went to talk to the pilot. he seemed to be incoherent and did not care that we nearly collided. he explained to me 'I am 76 YRS old and I'Mach Number dying of a chronic disease. I don't care if I die. I would sure hate to wreck these beautiful aircraft and you probably don't want to die.' he continued to say that he did see me coming and did not make a position report or take evasive action. I explained to him that gliders do have the right-of-way over PWRED aircraft but that is only after the pilot fulfills his responsibility to see and avoid. we then discussed how we could prevent this from happening again. he came to the conclusion that he would use the radio when flying over the airport. he seemed very perturbed to have to make an effort. contributing factors: lack of radio communication. difficulty in seeing glider. inability of radar to pick up glider. high descent rate of my aircraft. glider pilot'S poor attitude that he always has the right-of-way. glider pilot'S ability to self certify his medical certificate. it is my opinion that he would have difficulty passing a third class medical due to his mental condition,Attitude;Communication Environment;Other;Physical Factors
334220,ON descent to ABQ encountered moderate to severe turbulence. as passed over mountains; surface winds were 290-310 degree at 22 Knots gusting to 29-35 Knots. ABQ approach dumps us on final high; fast for a visual to runway 35. due to construction the VOR and TACAN (Co-Located) is out. there is also no approach (other than an Nondirectional Radio Beacon to airport). we ended up doing a 360 degree to descend and set up for a stabilized approach. this is simply unsafe. due to the terrain around the approach end of runway 35; visual Glideslope determination is degraded. the Visual Approach Slope Indicator was barely useable due to blowing sand. this is an accident waiting to happen. either allow pilots to get set up farther out especially during adverse conditions or put VOR and TACAN (Co-Located) back in service,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
334549,ON APR/XX/96 I was on board an aircraft (C172RG) as a passenger when after the landing ROLLOUT; the pilot retracted the gear. only the NOSEWHEEL collapsed and minimal damage was sustained. however; being a Certified Flight Instructor; I feel confident that performing any cleanup while still on the runway is a definite no-no! if he would have waited until he was stopped on the taxiway; he may have prevented this incident. the Federal Aviation Administration investigated the aircraft the next day. everything was normal (given the circumstances). however; one item I would like to mention is that even though we were breaking to slow down (even more pressure on the nose gear) the squat switch never worked. the problem (I believe) was due to overcharging the strut. if it would have been properly SVCED; maybe 1 pilot would be without an incident. pilot error was definitely at fault; but be aware that even though the pilot'S information manual states that squat switches prevent inadvertent gear retraction while on the ground (even with excess pressure) this is just more evidence to never rely on them,Resource Deficiency
334885,I filed a flight plan for a PA32 but; the plan got entered into the computer for a PA34; by mistake. I got rushed when I landed and forgot to close the plan. Federal Aviation Administration called the Fixed-Base Operator at leesburg; Flight Level; and asked many times if a seneca was there and they said no seneca on the field. local sheriff was called and many calls were made to my friends; etc. they finally located me about 5 hours later. I called my voice mail and got a message from Federal Aviation Administration so I called them. they said they closed the plan but; a search was instituted. I don't know if I filed for a PA34 by mistake but; I doubt it. I always get a weather briefing and say; 'cherokee 6' so; they should have known. maybe in the future; the Federal Aviation Administration; when calling Fixed-Base Operator'S looking for a plane should not be so sure the aircraft is the right model and ask Fixed-Base Operator to look at all registration numbers. if that was done; then this case would not have caused so much problems,Pressure;Proficiency;Taskload
335271,ON may/XX/96 at colorado springs airport; I was Captain on flight. I was waiting on ramp in DC9-80 with passenger on board. we had a 40 minute wait for gate. ENGS were off; Auxiliary Power Unit was running; doors armed. I had FUELER begin fueling aircraft; then he stopped. according to company; to fuel with passenger on board; cabin door must be open with stairs in place. I had forgotten this rule and was reminded at gate. this was a mistake; on my part; but not a deliberate disregard of company policy. I was trying to help expedite the outbound flight,Pressure;Proficiency
337556,PRIOR to PUSHBACK the a&P mechanic said that a ramp worker told him that she thought a small plastic bag was sucked into the Auxiliary Power Unit. we looked at the gauges and all Auxiliary Power Unit operating indications were normal. the mechanic made an external inspection of the Auxiliary Power Unit with his flashlight and saw nothing. after PUSHBACK and start; I turned off the Auxiliary Power Unit. so after the 1 minute automatic delay; it shut down. this was 30 seconds prior to takeoff. approximately 1 minute after starting takeoff and during cleanup; I turned to the First Officer and said; 'does that smell like something burning?' he said; 'oh yes; it does.' immediately the INTERPHONE rang; the flight attendants smelled the strong odor of burning plastic in the cabin. the First Officer and I decided to make an immediate return for landing. I had the First Officer coordinate with company; run CHKLISTS and inform flight attendants. I flew the airplane on Auto-Pilot and talked to departure control and the tower. after a normal approach and landing we taxied in without starting Auxiliary Power Unit. we kept the right engine running for electrical and ventilation; as ambient was 86 degree Fahrenheit with a fairly full passenger load. the mechanic connected me with maintenance control who had us try each air conditioning system separately. the air was clean through each system. the mechanic accessed the Auxiliary Power Unit inlet and found 3 large plastic bags stuck in against the Auxiliary Power Unit inlet screen. determination: when the Auxiliary Power Unit shut down; the lack of inlet suction allowed the plastic bags to relax away from the inlet screen; brush against some hot areas; and the 'hot plastic air' was sucked into the 2 air conditioning system; all happening right at takeoff. with no imminent fire danger; the flight was REDISPATCHED. lesson: something sucks into the Auxiliary Power Unit; make an inspection. discussion; POSTFLT; with maintenance controller revealed that things frequently get sucked into Auxiliary Power Unit inlet; like RAMPERS' caps; etc. this is the very first I've heard of it,Resource Deficiency
337990,DSNDING into IND for visual approach; we were initially cleared to 12000 feet. subsequent clearance to 10000 feet. I was on the Public Address giving the passenger final destination weather and thank you. First Officer receiving operational experience with accumulated 8 hours in MD80. First Officer said he armed altitude warning indicator when cleared from 12000 feet to 10000 feet. as I was hanging up the public address; I noticed aircraft descending through 9750 feet. I immediately pushed 'altitude hold' button on digital flight guidance system to stop descent. aircraft descended to approximately 9600 feet before returning to 9700 feet. we then climbed back to 10000 feet and approach then gave us a descent clearance to 4000 feet. human factors -- complacency on my part -- the First Officer was doing great; up to that time. I also should have prioritized my passenger announcement to earlier in the descent. this would have left me completely free to monitor the First Officer during critical phase of flight,Attitude
338130,CAPT missed the 10000 feet level off. went to 9600 feet then immediately returned to 10000 feet. set off altitude ALERTER,Proficiency
338409,THE flight was in cruise at FL310 approaching the zuni VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range from the E. weather was high cirrus with building cumulonimbus 5000-10000 feet above our flight level. the center controller had assigned us a 230 degree heading to intercept the zuni 242 degree radial W of zuni on the FOSSL 3 arrival to phoenix. the controller and the radio frequency were extremely busy throughout this entire period. the 230 degree assigned heading was taking us into the center of a level 2 thunderstorm with tops above FL390. we attempted to call the controller to inform him we needed to deviate to a 215-220 degree heading for the thunderstorm but could not get through because of the volume of radio transmission. we waited as longitude as we could and then turned to a 220 degree heading for safety reasons. we had just rolled out on the 220 degree heading when the controller asked us our heading. we immediately informed him and he gave us an immediate descent to FL280 and return to the 230 degree heading. this was to DECONFLICT with EBOUND traffic at FL310. we commenced a descent at 2000- 3000 Feet Per Minute and turned back to 230 degree heading into the southern edge of the cumulonimbus. we had the conflicting traffic in sight throughout; and the other aircraft RPTED us in sight. the estimated passing distance was 1500-2000 feet vertically and 4-5 mile horizontal. throughout this maneuver we did not receive either a resolution or an alert on the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. the center controller did not inform us whether his alert sounded or not. factors involved: extensive traffic and radio saturation. extensive thunderstorms in the area and EBOUND traffic at incorrect flight level,Communication Environment;Other;Physical Environment;Taskload
338843,DURING CLBOUT from ATL while on radar vectors (065 degree) climbing to FL230; at 11000 feet Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave Traffic Advisory followed immediately by Resolution Advisory 'climb; climb.' Auto-Pilot was turned off and climb increased to 4000 Feet Per Minute. traffic passed 200 feet below us; within 1 mile. at 14000 feet warning stopped. when asked; Air Traffic Control said that they had no RPTED traffic. an aircraft climbing behind us RPTED an aircraft in front of him doing aerobatics. we suspect that this was our Resolution Advisory conflict. we never had visual contact with traffic,Other
339158,ASOS equipment continues to prove unreliable. on jun/mon/96 at XA50 local at cos Airport Traffic Control Tower weather deteriorated with typical convective activity. thunderstorms were observed and manually entered into Automated Surface Observation System since the system cannot detect this greatest hazard to aviation safety. at XA47 local Automated Surface Observation System XMITTED a special observation showing visibility 1 1/2 VFR Low Altitude Training Routes+. actual visibility was much higher so the system was augmented to show 5 mile. the XA55 local weather observation was XMITTED with a visibility of 5 mile but at XA57 local Automated Surface Observation System generated and XMITTED another special with visibility 2TR. this occurred while the controller was attempting to make a new Automatic Terminal Information Service broadcast; control traffic and ensure that pilots received current weather information. Automated Surface Observation System visibility was again augmented to 5 mile and a special observation was XMITTED at XB01 local showing visibility at 5 mile. for the next 45 minutes Automated Surface Observation System continued to generate special observations with non-representative weather elements causing distraction and increased workload for the tower controllers. when convective weather is present it is difficult enough to provide Air Traffic Control services and weather information to the users without the added DISTRS of making corrections to a system that cannot do what it was supposedly designed to do. Automated Surface Observation System in no way eliminates the need for trained weather observers. problems with Automated Surface Observation System are frequent and continuing. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated the Automated Surface Observation System is basically doing what it is designed to do. RPTR indicated that when any of the Automated Surface Observation System sensor values are overridden; the particular sensor reverts to manual operations until the next scheduled Automated Surface Observation System weather observation. RPTR indicated that if there is an inaccurate reading of one of the elements; it is at this time the controller will augment the report and override the specific element(S). RPTR stated the Automated Surface Observation System system cannot detect types of cloud activity which then has to be input into the system by the controller. the RPTR said that it is the responsibility of the Flight Director/Clearance Delivery position to handle the Automated Surface Observation System changes but if the position gets busy; the other controllers will make the weather changes. RPTR implied that the software for the visibility element should be changed in order to provide more accurate readings. RPTR stated the workload/distraction of the Automated Surface Observation System varies with the weather and the time of day/traffic volume,Physical Environment;Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
339454,FLYING Visual Flight Rules from 00V (meadowlake airport) to FTG (front range airport) for instrument practice approaches with my instructor. I contacted denver approach about 45 mile S of mile high VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; gave them my destination and intentions of doing an Instrument Landing System approach. I was given a squawk and clearance to FTG. a few mile S of FTG approach asked if I had the airport in sight and I did. approach then told me I was cleared to maintain 7000 feet or below and to squawk 1200; resume own navigate and frequency change approved. I proceeded to fly several practice Instrument Landing System approaches to runway 17 at FTG not realizing that denver'S class B airspace was just 1 mile n of runway 17. I was not in contact with denver approach at this time and flew into their airspace several times as I did the full Instrument Landing System approach with procedure turn. after the second approach UNICOM contacted me on Common Traffic Advisory Frequency and asked me to contact denver Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility. I did this and was told of my incursions into class B airspace. I promptly followed instructions to fly E out of their airspace with a request to call them after landing. I called denver Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility after landing back at 00V; was told of my airspace incursions and I apologized. we also talked a little about charts and I did have current charts with me including a denver terminal area chart. I assumed when I was released on initial approach to FTG that I was free to shoot approaches staying under 7000 feet Mean Sea Level. since I was looking at an approach chart I DIDN't realize I was in and out of class B airspace. the cause of this was my not realizing my relative position to the class B airspace and the approach controller releasing me to my own navigate. after talking to the controller on the phone; I should have asked for them to at least monitor me or to keep me with an approach controller. I don't see a corrective action. what we have is an UNCTLED airport extremely close to a very large airport with approaches crossing each other within 1 mile. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states he has heard nothing further regarding the incident to this date. he was flying a piper aztec and was the first instrument student of the CFII on board. the instructor apparently was not very sharp on the airspace involvement on this approach. the controller did not indicate that he was taking any further action. RPTR says the class B airspace ought to be shown on the approach plate itself and one should not have to be using another chart to determine how to avoid that airspace,Proficiency
341839,FLYING from lamoni; IA; to MKC (n to S); I checked with ZKC to see that the transponder was squawking proper altitude. I contacted MKC tower with Automatic Terminal Information Service; and was cleared for a straight-in approach to runway 19; to follow a mooney on downwind. had difficulty locating the mooney. after locating; had difficulty relocating. this really lengthened the cycle time on my scan. the second time; the mooney was just short of final and off to the right; and over the river I thought about going around. I knew I was behind in my approach (HADN't done the checklist; and was rushing the landing). the tower had cleared me to land; but I should have gone around and asked permission for a go around. made slight S-turn to reduce gain on mooney; checked speed at 100 Knots. I thought I lowered the flaps. there was no gear warning horn; pulled power for flair on final. noticed I was using too much runway (no gear; no flaps). propeller struck; wings level; set it down smoothly. smell of smoke in cabin. turned off main switch and exited aircraft. landed short of first turnoff at MKC,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
342253,PROB: ZBW sector 22 frequency (121.35) at the GFL site fails every time heavy rain is falling near it. this is an extremely dangerous situation! solution: the radios at the glen falls (GFL) site need to be replaced or moved to a more favorable location. note: numerous attempts have been made to fix this problem to no avail. the center is now ignoring the problem. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: facility supervisor stated that there is a problem with the site; but the backup frequency is satisfactory. longitude range plans are to replace the equipment,Physical Environment
342688,RAN out of fuel returning to home OPS Base Operations Office (YKN) after completing crop photo mission. total time in the air was 6 hours 25 minutes. thought I had fuel enough for 7 hours and 15 minutes. used endurance profile chart for cessna model 172P with extended range tanks; page 5-22 cessna POH (YR 1981). this chart is for 62 useable fuel; the specific aircraft I was flying had only the 50 gal extended range tanks. I inadvertently used the wrong chart. during the descent for landing at the bloomfield airport which is unattended; I misjudged the approach altitude 'too high' and overshot the runway. as there was a cleanly mowed hayfield off the end of the runway; I landed in the field and rolled to a stop. no damage was done to aircraft or property. aircraft was refueled and flown out of field to YKN,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
342870,I departed N06; laurel; DE; in C208; on a routine PARADROP operation. the climb to altitude was uneventful as well as the PARADROP and descent through 300 feet above ground level. on short final; crossing the trees and the threshold of runway 14 the WINDSCREEN fogged over on the inside and outside due to meteorological conditions. at this point I was committed to the landing and for safety reasons I did not attempt or initiate a go around. I judged my position and initiated a flare. at this point I made contact with the runway surface. the nose gear collapsed and came to a rest shortly thereafter,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
343104,WHILE nearing the end of our climb phase I (the Pilot In Command acting as First Officer giving Initial Operating Experience) detected an odor of burning plastic. the Initial Operating Experience Captain confirmed he also smelled this odor. we next noticed a very light haze in the air indicating smoke; in both cockpit and cabin. we immediately requested from the center controller a return to our departure field (JHW) and asked for a descent. we ran the emergency checklist for environmental smoke in the cabin and cockpit. this included deploying passenger oxygen. we (the crew) donned our oxygen after a brief explanation to the passenger about the situation and the use of the oxygen. the amount of smoke and smell did not increase but stayed the same throughout this entire occurrence. I would describe the amount as 'little' but noticeable. we landed without incident and did not declare an emergency. of the 17 passenger on board only 3 passenger felt the need to use oxygen. there were no injuries or damage involved. we continued the flight about 1 1/2 hours later with a new airplane,Resource Deficiency
343578,THE pilot of a beech baron called LCH approach and asked for radar flight following from LCH to AAP. a flight plan was entered in the FDIO equipment; showing the aircraft to be at the LCH 253 degree radial; 29 mile Distance Measuring Equipment fix. this is well within LCH airspace; as the altitude of the aircraft was entered at 8500 feet. immediately afterward; the pilot requested a Visual Flight Rules descent to 6500 feet; which would put the aircraft in BPT approach'S airspace. when the attempt was made to amend the altitude to 6500 feet via the FDIO equipment; we received the message 'not your control.' the aircraft was within LCH airspace; on our frequency; and on our Automated Radar Terminal Systems tag. we believe this message occurred because of failure of the zhu computer to interact correctly with our Automated Radar Terminal Systems program. when this failure occurs; an approach controller is distracted from his duties by having to call the center and have them make the amendment. it also distracts the center controller from his separation duties. this has been an ongoing problem for aircraft under Visual Flight Rules and Instrument Flight Rules flight plans. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: analyst called a center automation specialist who supported analyst'S understanding that once a center flight plan is activated (track file started in the center) no changes may be made to the flight plan by other facilities using the FDIO. analyst contacted RPTR and referred to the information received from the center automation specialist that once a flight plan is activated the 'not your control' message would be received any time an attempt is made to change the flight plan through the FDIO. RPTR was responsive and indicated appreciation for the information,Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
344035,AT MLU; we were cleared for takeoff by tower. after lift-off; we saw an aircraft in our flight path. at that time tower directed the other aircraft to turn 90 degree and for us to turn on course. at 400-500 feet above ground level; we turned. at about 1000 feet above ground level we crossed altitudes and approximately 1/2 mile to 3/4 mile separation; we were diverging. tower stated that they had a communication problem. there were no abrupt or unusual maneuvers involved. Visual Meteorological Conditions conditions,Communication Environment
344587,OUR before takeoff checklist was completed and we taxied onto runway 21 at MKC. our ground roll was normal; our lift-off was normal. at about 100 feet above ground level; the engine lost about 200 Feet Per Minute. I elected to turn around and land on runway 1 since I had partial power. about halfway through the turn; I lost complete power; I was now dropping quickly and could not make runway 1. so I straightened out and landed in the grass between runway and taxiway; locked the brakes up; skidded between the citation and a bonanza and came to rest about 15-20 feet from a pickup truck. upon later examination of the aircraft; water was found in the left tank; which is what the fuel selector was on. no water was found on PREFLT of the aircraft. with the presence of the Federal Aviation Administration inspectors; I strained it again and found no water. later; the owner of the aircraft strained it for the inspectors and found water. supplemental information from ACN 344140: I radioed the tower to tell them that we were landing on runway 1. they came back and said negative; runway 1 is closed. I DIDN't respond; they came back and said I see this is an emergency. we chose to land across the runway through the grass; and onto a ramp. there were no injuries; and there was no damage to anything,Resource Deficiency
345079,CAPT flying. flight was dispatched with left air-conditioning pack inoperative and flight limited to FL250. the aircraft was MD83 with 3 position center fuel tank pump switches. during the just priors; the Captain inadvertently moved the center tank pump switches on position forward; from disabled to off. from my scan; the switches appeared to be in the on position. after departure; we were cleared via several vectors and ultimately Omega Navigation System direct to tex early in the flight. after the Standard Instrument Departure; we never passed over any of the miscellaneous 14 CHKPOINTS. at FL250; prior to tex; the right engine began to wind down. because the left air- conditioning pack was inoperative and the cabin altitude began to climb; we immediately requested an emergency descent and started down to 14000 feet. we simultaneously observed that the center fuel tank pump switches were not on and immediately turned them on. the Captain placed the ignition to override and the right engine operation returned to normal. because we were in a descent with the power at idle and the left air-conditioning off; the cabin continued to climb and reached approximately 10500 feet. at that time we ejected the passenger oxygen masks. with normal engine and cabin altitude restored; we continued uneventfully to aus. the importance of keeping an up-to- date fuel log and scan along with checklist discipline cannot be overemphasized. longitude; direct CLRNCS without passing miscellaneous 14 CHKPOINTS and the 3 position center tank fuel pump switches were contributory factors. supplemental information from ACN 345078: this aircraft had auxiliary fuel tanks with 3 position fuel pumps. when just prior checklist was read; I moved each fuel pump switch 1 position forward. this inadvertently left the center pumps in the off position. in addition; I would recommend that those aircraft having the 3 position center fuel pumps be changed to 2 position switches,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
345509,125.15 main XMITTER Out Of Service; 360.6 standby XMITTER Out Of Service; 119.75 Out Of Service; 126.95 unusable. these have all been out for several days,Resource Deficiency
345961,AT the start of takeoff roll with torque at approximately 80 percent; heard a loud pop from left engine. engine shut itself down. no sign of fire or smoke. aborted takeoff; secured engine and returned to gate then turned aircraft over to maintenance,Resource Deficiency
348058,RWY 21R had just closed; therefore cleared to taxi to runway 21C via TXWYS V and Mach Number. this was my first time to runway 21C. as we were taxiing on taxiway Mach Number; I commented about following taxiway Mach Number until the end; then will be ready for takeoff. somehow I missed taxiway Mach Number at the end; and found myself on taxiway J unable to turn around. I'Mach Number not sure if it was poorly lit or poorly marked. the run-up area to the NW did not appear lit either. once on taxiway J we were asked if we could turn around; but there were no lights so we DIDN't attempt it. we were told to continue taxiing around to the NE of runway 21C. we continued as directed with no apparent problems or complications. I am at a complete loss as to how I missed the end of the runway. my only conclusion is that it is not adequately marked or lit. the transition from taxiway Mach Number to taxiway J is also not apparent,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
348561,FO programmed Flight Management System per flight plan. Pre Departure Clearance had a change from FFU direct DTA to FFU 3; DTA transition. this was entered into Flight Management System. upon reaching FFU; the aircraft (via Flight Management System inputs) proceeded direct DTA. about 12 mile S of FFU; Air Traffic Control asked what our heading was. we realized only then that we were headed directly to DTA (about 190 degree heading) instead of out the FFU 170 degree radial. we then asked Air Traffic Control if he wanted us to turn left to join the FFU 170 degree radial. he said no; that he was about to clear us direct OAL. no traffic conflict was ever indicated on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. shortly thereafter we were cleared direct OAL with no further difficulties,Other
349077,AFTER normal flight (IND-IAD) in CAVU weather; normal landing; and normal taxi to our ramp the following occurred. we taxied to our ramp position (as directed via company radio). exercising due diligence we taxied into our ramp following the commands of our (taxi) MARSHALLER. 2 wing walkers were in their normal position with their light wands extended normally. MARSHALLER'S actions and signals were normal. we followed MARSHALLER commands and parked the aircraft on the painted CTRLINE as directed. all normal. completed shutdown and termination checklist and left aircraft. 5 minutes later informed we hit an empty 'can' (our container devices) which was on a dolly inside the foul line. we did not observe the can on taxi in. paint was scraped on the wingtip and a static wick was removed (damaged). called my supervisor and filed a Flight Crew safety report,Other
349597,RWY at UNK; AK; was undergoing repairs so runway was split in half lengthwise. one half had been under repair for a while and last 1000 feet NOTAMED unusable. sawhorse-type obstruction signs marked this area and were placed on runway. we had taxied between these signs many times -- plenty of room. this morning the newly refurbished half of the runway was open and the other half closed. when sawhorse- type signs were moved to other half of runway; they were placed too close together. on our first taxi in; we hit a sign with the #1 propeller. a DC6 (similar size aircraft) had already fit with no problem. the airport manager had tried without success to have the state of alaska move the signs; knowing we served this airport in a large aircraft (LOCKHEED electra). when measured later; there was no way we could have fit; a propeller strike was inevitable. MECHS were flown out to inspect the propeller and found it acceptable only to ferry it to ANC where the propeller had to be removed for replacement. the signs were later relocated off the usable runway surface; as they should have been in the beginning,Resource Deficiency
350660,ENRTE from SJT to DFW at 17000 feet; approximately 30 mile from jen VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; center cleared us to cross fever intersection at 7000 feet. the glen rose Standard Terminal Arrival Route is new and requires tracking to the jen VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range then switch to the DFW VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range for Distance Measuring Equipment fixes for the various INTXNS. I switched to the DFW VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range before crossing jen so I could see the Distance Measuring Equipment for the fever intersection. I started down right away initially at 600 Feet Per Minute then increased the rate gradually to 1000-2000 Feet Per Minute then 3500 Feet Per Minute toward the last of the descent. it appeared all was going well and watched the DFW Distance Measuring Equipment; but as we got closer to the 45 Distance Measuring Equipment fix for the fever intersection; it looked like the mile were passing much faster than normal. it is not unusual for the Distance Measuring Equipment in the saab to get behind; then show the mile clicking by at a much faster rate than normal as it catches up. apparently; we were closer to the fever intersection than we thought. ultimately; we passed the fever intersection 3000 feet too high. we realized that we WEREN't going to make the crossing and should have informed Air Traffic Control. as ZFW passed us to approach he mentioned that we were 3000 feet high. to prevent this in the future; we should closely watch the Distance Measuring Equipment to see if it gets 'stuck' and to see if it correlates with other VORS and DMES. we should have informed Air Traffic Control of our inability to make the crossing even though no conflict arose,Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
351052,DURING cruise at FL250; we flew by what appeared to be a weather balloon. it was a balloon wide at the top and narrow at the bottom. it was at our level and passed our left wing by only about 100 feet away. it could have gone down the engine or got caught on the wing creating problems. there should be better information distributed about when and where weather balloons are used,Physical Environment
351400,I was flying this airship from aiken; SC; to atlanta; General Aviation. as the winds were too strong for us at altitude; I elected to fly low over the forest; avoiding populated areas. our AIRSPD is about 30-35 Knots; and wind is really a big factor. from what I recall; we were making between 10-15 Knots at 1000 to 2000 feet above ground level; wind being strong from the SW. I flew low; at about 200-500 feet and the speed was then over 20 Knots. whenever I sighted any house or sign of life; I would either climb or turn away from it. but I remember being right over an ostrich farm hidden in the trees and I could do nothing but fly away from it. I suggest these farms should be specified on NOTAMS for lighter than air and helicopters; as ostriches and emus are more and more common in the states now. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR flies a SKYSHIP 600 helium airship with a very large logo on each side. neither the company that owns the airship or the sponsor of the airship have heard anything from the ostrich farmer or his insurance company; so the RPTR assumes that there was no injury to any bird. apparently the farmer contacted the Federal Aviation Administration as the RPTR has received a 'warning letter' from the Federal Aviation Administration. the RPTR suggests that bird farms and animal farms be put on sectional charts,Other;Physical Environment
351780,ASOS CELIOMETER failed; and weather RPTED clear skies for nearly 2 hours with actual conditions 3800 feet overcast and light snow,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
352236,TAXIING out; flight attendant called up and RPTED loud noise below the floor while taxiing out. noise was heard by several passenger; flight attendants; and a DEADHEADING B747 crew. the DEADHEADING Captain RPTED that it sounded like a loose cargo bin shifting. aircraft returned to the gate. maintenance and cargo people inspected all cargo bins and all were secured. the Captain personally went through the cargo holds while they were being inspected. maintenance found a plumb bob loose in the left wheel well. it was secured. no other problems were found. taxied back out; the sounds were RPTED again. the DEADHEADING pilot came up and said it sounded like a bowling ball rolling around. the 2 CAPTS decided it was probably something loose within a bin; and would stay contained. an uneventful takeoff was made. the rest of the flight was normal,Resource Deficiency
353627,PHX Automatic Terminal Information Service very hard to understand. 3 crew members distraction by recording trying to get latest Automatic Terminal Information Service information. automatic system needs improvement -- before it causes problems,Communication Environment;Preoccupation
353970,ABOUT 5 Nautical Mile into the 30 Nautical Mile radius mode Celsius veil for lax; approach advised me that my mode Celsius altitude RPTING was inoperative. it had worked fine on previous FLTS. bakersfield radar had advised me that my mode Celsius was inoperative in a southern corner of the valley on the way down to our destination (santa monica; SMO). however; on past FLTS our mode Celsius had gone inoperative (briefly) in this same geographic area. we assumed it was a 'terrain/radar site/mode Celsius sensitivity' issue. with that history in mind; I continued into the mode Celsius veil airspace; assuming my mode Celsius was working. the reply light was indicating normally (I suspect; now however; that the reply light does not reflect mode Celsius output). mode Celsius worked ok on subsequent FLTS,Resource Deficiency
354336,ERIE international airport has only had one Fixed-Base Operator for numerous YRS. one was recently built and the older Fixed-Base Operator installed new lighting on the hangar walls directed toward the ramp area in front of their hangars (5). there are 5 hangars that these new lights are affixed to; evidently to draw attention away from the new Fixed-Base Operator which is located across the taxiway. these new lights are very bright and distracting to the tower controller attempting to view runway 6 final approach or traffic pattern over these hangars. the night of NOV/XX/96; the weather was Instrument Meteorological Conditions with rain then snow. the taxiway between the tower and the Fixed-Base Operator was wet and the new lights were reflecting off the taxiway producing a glaring condition. when the precipitation turned to snow the condition intensified and produced a 'wall of white' in front of the hangars making it almost impossible to sight traffic on final or on OPS Base Operations Office leg for runway 6. the ability to sight traffic on final to attempt to judge if there was sufficient room to release a departure was no longer an option. this condition was brought to the attention of the air traffic office; and their reply was we don't think there is anything we can do! this is a breach of safety and a situation that needs rectified immediately. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that the condition still exists; but the Fixed-Base Operator has agreed to a one shot move of some of the lights. the Fixed-Base Operator allegedly stated that if that did not work; the tower would have to live with it. RPTR has not contacted the airport manager yet; but will if the one shot move does not work. he will also use the Federal Aviation Administration safety hot line and his bargaining unit as further leverage to move the lights; if necessary,Illusion;Physical Environment;Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
354672,I was the Pilot Flying on a visual approach to ZZZ on an air ambulance flight. we were a lifeguard flight and are usually given priority due to this and cleared to land on the larger and closer runway (runway 35R). when approach control handed us over to ZZZ tower my Captain (Pilot Not Flying) was working the radio and they cleared us on runway 35L. the Captain also read this back to the tower (as he heard in the tower tapes). I was busy flying and looking for Visual Flight Rules traffic that was shooting practice approaches on runway 35R (Instrument Landing System). I thought I heard us cleared for a visual and to land on runway 35R; so I continued my approach to runway 35R. the Captain did not say anything to the contrary. on a short left OPS Base Operations Office for runway 35R; I saw traffic on final for runway 35R (a C172). I pointed it out to the Captain and he and I both thought this was the traffic practicing Instrument Landing System approaches and that this traffic would be going missed approach. since we were much faster and the tower DIDN't say anything except for a Traffic Advisory; we continued and landed on runway 35R. upon contacting ground; we were told to contact the tower. the Captain called the tower and also went up to the tower to talk to everyone involved,Preoccupation
356254,DURING the attempted takeoff; at VFR Military Training Routes; the aircraft would not respond to my flight control inputs and did not rotate. therefore; I aborted the takeoff. the aircraft exited the end of the runway stopping approximately 20 feet into the grass. there was no damage to the aircraft and no injuries. callback conversation with the RPTR revealed the following: the control problem was caused by a faulty POTENTIOMETER that directed the elevator trim to go full nose down. the Federal Aviation Administration investigated this and called it an incident. the RPTR is now flying for a major air carrier,Resource Deficiency
358204,I am RPTING a terrible safety problem affecting my facility and the flying public in and around myrtle beach; SC. our facility was established as part of the Air Force Base closure in dec/92. at that time the airport (myrtle beach international) was closed to General Aviation aircraft. now General Aviation aircraft are permitted to land and there has been a tremendous increase in General Aviation activity. this increase; along with rapidly growing air carrier and air taxi operations at the airport have made this airspace increasingly more complex for pilots and controllers alike. anytime airspace density and complexity are rapidly increasing; safety becomes more of a concern. immediately upon the takeover of the airspace from the air force; the Federal Aviation Administration at the local level began implementing procedures to establish an upgrade in airspace from class D to class Celsius. the process was completed at the local level over 2 YRS ago; and the paperwork has been sitting in washington since that time. after many delays; we were advised that the class Celsius airspace would be implemented with the new airspace maps published on jan/thu/97. this timing was nearly ideal in order to help both the users and the controllers familiarize themselves with the new procedures prior to the busy traffic season beginning in the spring. on jan/thu/97 (2 weeks prior to implementation); we were advised that the new airspace classification would not be implemented at this time due to budgetary resources; bureaucratic red tape; and 'higher priority' issues. we were informed that the new date for implementation would be with the next printing of the airspace maps on AUG/thu/97. this date is of course subject to further delays. the Federal Aviation Administration says that implementation prior to the august date would cost 'thousands' of dollars to print special maps. our question being; when does safety fit into the Federal Aviation Administration'S budget? myrtle beach international airport is now the second fastest growing airport in the country. in the past 2 YRS while this paperwork has been sitting in washington; this airport/airspace has experienced a nearly 50 percent increase in traffic. corp and other General Aviation traffic which were once nonexistent; are now booming. anyone familiar with this airport is already aware of the north american institute of aviation in nearby conway; and the heavy banner-tow traffic along the beach during the majority of the YR. with the increase in tourism in this area comes in increase in air carrier/air taxi operations. all indications are that this rapid increase in traffic will continue into the foreseeable future. please be aware that myself and the other air traffic controllers at myrtle beach will continue to do everything we can to provide the best and safest service both now and in the future. our only concern is keeping safety in the myrtle beach area a priority with Federal Aviation Administration washington headquarters. supplemental information from ACN 358205: unfortunately for the flying public; the peak traffic months at myrtle beach international airport begin in early march and continue for only about a month following the august implementation date. therefore; the new date is much too late to alleviate the safety concerns for this busy flying season. callback conversation with RPTR ACN #358204 revealed the following information: RPTR stated that after sending letters to 2 congressmen; RPTR heard the class Celsius airspace may be implemented in march. RPTR alleged the congressmen directed the Federal Aviation Administration to implement the class Celsius sooner than august,Preoccupation;Taskload
358572,DEPARTED KIMPO airport at 2300 feet left turn to heading of 220 degree; established on heading radial 300 degree off of ANYANG showed alive and that we had already went past the radial. we corrected and then short time later it went full deflection the other way. as we started correcting; departure controller gave us a heading of 180 degree and then cleared us direct to ANYANG VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. when passing VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range we had 86 degree radial set. when passing station full left deflection on course; we corrected at about 4.5 mile past the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range needle went full right deflection as we started to correct. the controller gave us another heading correction for interception airway then direct to KARUB. altitude first time was about 5000 feet. the second time for correction altitude was about 8000 feet. no other traffic or aircraft in area at time of occurrence. suspect problem with ground station at time or problem with equipment in aircraft,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
358913,IT was a perfect Visual Meteorological Conditions day and many aircraft were on all Air Traffic Control frequencies. we were on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan and on a final approach segment of an Instrument Landing System approach. I was demonstrating technique when I noticed we were on short final to runway 27 at ahn airport. I saw a plane on the runway and initiated a 90 degree turn to the left to avoid the runway environment and traffic. I contacted tower and IDENTED myself. I believe the problem arose due to an extremely busy center controller not giving me a frequency change to ahn tower. I was distraction by explaining Instrument Landing System technique and discovered the intrusion to the runway only on short final. I immediately turned to avoid the airport and called ahn tower to get instructions to maneuver clear of traffic. there was no imminent danger to any persons or property. I feel the causative factors included my distraction in demonstrating an Instrument Landing System approach and heavy workload by center controllers,Preoccupation;Taskload
359275,APCHED AVP at approximately XA15 local for Instrument Landing System runway 4. weather at the time was 1300 feet overcast and 10 mile visibility. tower RPTED winds were 120 degree at 18 Knots; gusting to 25 Knots. the approach was normal except for excessive wind correction required to hold the localizer. copilot completed the landing checklist prior to breaking out of the cloud deck. occasional moderate chop was experienced on a mile final but subsided upon reaching the runway. VREF speed was 126 Knots to short final where aircraft was slowed to VREF of 116 Knots to the flare. the aircraft touched down just past the first taxiway B. the aircraft seemed to balloon and float a bit due the excess speed and touched down a second and final time approximately 300 feet further down the runway. the touchdown was not hard; and on the right main gear first. the aircraft seemed to track normally once the NOSEWHEEL was on the ground and upon reaching the next taxiway Celsius; started pulling left. it felt as if the left main tires were blown. right braking and steering were applied in order to keep the aircraft on the runway. we slid to a stop with around 2000 feet of runway remaining; 20 feet to the left of CTRLINE. we immediately shut down the ENGS and electrical and evacuated the aircraft. upon examining the aircraft the left main gear was found partially retracted. the left wingtip was on the ground (runway). callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the cause of this incident is under investigation and may be considered crew error. the up and down actuator sheared off on the left main gear of this C650; during the landing. this RPTR Captain states that the side load brace actuator should have actually sheared if pilot error was involved. (the side load brace locks into position at a 45 degree angle.) RPTR adds that this gear is considered to have a good reputation and it is his understanding that it is scheduled to go on the citation 10,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
359610,ON 5 mile final to MFR runway 14 noticed Glideslope deviations. asked MFR status of Glideslope. they responded they had a 'red light' on Glideslope. on 3 mile final it appeared some runway lights were missing on the NW end of field. we requested to circle to runway 32 because the lights appeared better functioning on that end. we discussed (crew) options. airports down the valley were going below landing minimums with fog; MFR was forecast for fog. on final for runway 32 it appeared the left runway lights were fully functional while the right side was degraded. we planned to go around if landing cues and sufficient lighting were unavailable to safely continue. from 200 feet down the landing and approach lights CLRLY lit the pavement and runway markings. though the right runway lights still appeared degraded in intensity; it was determined that a safe landing was indicated. we landed,Resource Deficiency
360115,10 minutes prior to our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II alert we heard an advisory given to unknown aircraft that they were outside their airspace given by ZAB. then we received a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory which we responded to and descended from FL280 to FL275 at about the same time a pair of F16'S appeared at our 11 O'clock. we continued to our Resolution Advisory and returned to FL280. the F16'S passed from our 11 O'clock to our 1 O'clock position. Air Traffic Control asked us if we were able to climb to FL310; which we did. the F16'S were now at our 1 O'clock and flying parallel to our course and climbing with us; but 1000 feet below till about FL300. they then disappeared from our view. we discussed the matter with Air Traffic Control and later I received a call from a ZAB supervisor to whom I explained the above scenario,Other
360884,AT approximately XA40Z the main computer system at ZMA failed. during the switch-over to the backup system; the keyboards were locked out. the controllers were unable to make any input to either system. all departures from mia were stopped for about 15 minutes. supplemental information from ACN 361002: Naval Air Station failed; but when DARC was used; all FUNCTIONALITY was tied off. the restoration of DARC functions; and then the host; were unduly delayed,Resource Deficiency
362591,LEVELS 1 through 5 weather were depicted on radar with skies clear RPTED by aircraft and VNY tower. this is a recurring problem that has not been fixed,Resource Deficiency
362902,HAD a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory during arrival at FLL. we were in and out of clouds at 4000 feet Mean Sea Level on a 270 degree assigned heading. mia approach gave us a Visual Flight Rules Traffic Advisory for a twin beech at 4500 feet. did not have a visual on traffic until after receiving Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory to descend. we descended to 3600 feet and returned to 4000 feet when clear of traffic and clear of conflict transmission on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II,Other
363219,UPON arriving at aircraft; found First Officer'S compass card had a heading card flag; and the heading indicated 300 degree. Captain and First Officer Radio Magnetic Indicator; Captain Course Deviation Indicator and standby compass showed 050 degree. in addition; First Officer radio/navigate switch was inoperative; IE; nothing happened when button depressed. switch was stuck in navigate and as the First Officer had no omega; thought it was odd that the switch was in navigate. maintenance determined someone; when the aircraft was off the gate overnight; had done a 5 step process to render radio/navigate switch inoperative. they had to; in order; UNCOLLAR a circuit breaker; push in the circuit breaker; push First Officer radio/navigate switch to navigate; pull out the circuit breaker; and collar it. maintenance finally corrected the problem and we departed at XA09Z. after PUSHBACK; the #1 engine started normally; however #2 flamed out after start. the engineer then found the #2 engine fuel shut off valve was closed. because this was the second event that took human intervention to cause; on this aircraft; I determined the safest action was to bring the aircraft back to the gate and have maintenance double check some areas that someone might have also fooled with. if some unknown person or persons had not performed 2 unusual acts on the aircraft; we would have departed and arrived normally,Resource Deficiency
363590,WE were flying PHL-BDL. the clearance was philadelphia 6 Standard Instrument Departure except change route to read: radar vectors to the CYN (coyle) 274 degree radial to ditch intersection. J225 JFK DPK DPK 2 arrival to BDL (windsor locks; CT). at some point along J225; we were cleared direct to deer park. we tuned DPK; made a slight right turn; and before getting locked in on a good heading; began getting busy reviewing the approach; setting AIRSPD bugs; etc. well; there happened to be about a 50-60 Knot wind from the W. we were blown considerably off course (probably not that much if we had been in center airspace). the Captain noticed our error about the same time that the controller gave us a left turn toward DPK. a moment later; he gave us a radical (about 90 degree) turn to the left and mumbled something about leaving his airspace. I think the controllers then changed because the next transmission seemed to be from a different voice. he asked what our heading had been for DPK and said that our course would have taken us 20 mile E of DPK. at this time; we were over DPK and the rest of the trip was uneventful. as you probably assume when you get a report from a night cargo operator; fatigue was a factor. we had already been on duty about 11 hours. the strength of the wind at such a low altitude was a factor. and this route is just extremely busy. it is fraught with altitude; AIRSPD; course; and frequency changes as well as crossing RESTRS. there are ample opportunities to screw up even if you were rested and the wind was calm. I believe that it gets the busiest just about the time that you're able to get the BDL Automatic Terminal Information Service which means that we're trying to brief an approach and set up for landing at the most inconvenient and distracting time. I know that the BDL Automatic Terminal Information Service is available by telephone. I'Mach Number going to suggest to my company that they make the BDL Automatic Terminal Information Service available to us on the ground in PHL or make a cell phone available in PHL so that we can know the weather and approach before we takeoff,Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Preoccupation;Taskload
363900,THE aircraft was inbound to DCA from EWR on V378 between modena VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and baltimore. center cleared flight to cross 15 mile n of balance VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at 12000 feet. the Captain was flying the aircraft and asked the First Officer to dial in balance VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range on the #2 navigate unit as the Captain was navigating with the #1 selected to modena. approximately 60 Distance Measuring Equipment indicating on the #2 navigate unit; Air Traffic Control asked when we were going to begin our descent to make the crossing restrict. the aircraft was cruising at FL200 and with only 8000 feet to lose we computed our descent point to be 40 Distance Measuring Equipment out from baltimore. we replied 'in another 15 mile or so' we would begin our descent; further stating we showed ourselves to be 60 mile from baltimore. center quickly came back and stated 'I show you with only about 15 mile to make your descent.' the First Officer had put 115.0 into the navigate unit instead of 115.1 which was the frequency for balance. when I had asked the First Officer to put in the balance VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range frequency; a radio call came in and interrupted him causing him to not completely finish putting in the proper frequency. I should have been monitoring more closely; but was involved in flying the aircraft as our Auto-Pilot was inoperative. we missed our crossing restrict by 4 mile not getting level until 11 mile; instead of the originally cleared 15 mile. Air Traffic Control stated 'there was no conflict' and DIDN't really have a problem with what we did,Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
366336,ON descent into PDX Ground Proximity Warning System indicated 'terrain; terrain.' initiated climb from assigned altitude in compliance with terrain warning. to prevent recurrence; I will pay more attention to speed and closure rates to terrain when in the vicinity of terrain; especially when Instrument Meteorological Conditions,Other
366417,I was cleared for approach runway 30 at LGB. report outer marker inbound. queried as to intention. reply; 'full stop.' at 400 feet Mean Sea Level and 1/10 mile from touchdown on runway 30; tower said 'climb.' within 10 seconds tower said; 'turn right; runway 12 in use.' followed 20 seconds later; 'turn right 30 degree.' there was conversation following this in which it was developed that runway 16L was the runway in use. I made a normal landing. I had tuned the Automatic Terminal Information Service 3 times while approaching the area but each time SOCAL stepped on the reception. I thought I had received all of the information but had missed 'landing runway 16.' I had heard 'instrument approaches on runway 30; use frequency 120.x.' 1) it was an oversight on my part that I did not get the part of the transmission that said 'runway 16 LNDGS.' 2) it would have saved uncertain low level maneuvers if the tower had said 'execute missed approach' or 'go around.' the statement that the instrument runway for LNDGS was runway 12 and then directing me later to runway 16 was quite confusing,Other;Proficiency
366793,STUDENT was solo; practicing takeoffs and LNDGS at dunnellon airport (X35). student said that airport vehicles at approach end of runway 23 were distracting him; so he switched to runway 27. about 10 feet above ground level; he chose to go around. at 40 feet; the airplane rolled violently to the left; and made nearly a 180 degree turn. student decided to land on grass along n side of runway; facing E. student took a break; then returned to OCF; his home OPS Base Operations Office. that evening; having not yet been informed of the incident; I went to PREFLT the aircraft; and noticed it leaning noticeably to the left; and elected to ground the airplane believing something was wrong with the landing gear. student had not RPTED incident to me or to the school. had I not seen the anomaly; the plane may have flown and had a gear failure. it'S critical anytime a rented airplane is damaged; or may have been damaged; that a report is made to the operator; before a more serious incident or accident occurs. student has approximately 52 flight hours; all in C152'S,Communication Environment;Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
367224,DURING descent; observed a steady 'oil filter bypass' light; #3 engine. closed throttle as per abnormal checklist and light remained illuminated. continued with checklist and performed a precautionary shutdown. declared an emergency and landed shortly thereafter without incident,Resource Deficiency
367633,ARRIVED early in DTW terminal area from RNO at XA40 local. we were #1 for approach. approach control turned us in just outside REVUP outer marker. we were configured for landing but slightly high at REVUP. First Officer was flying and did not descend quite fast enough to remain on Glideslope. we suspected a slight tailwind might exist. at 900 feet above ground level; received 1 'pullup' on Ground Proximity Warning System and executed immediate missed approach. received vectors for another approach and approach control confirmed some tailwind might exist. First Officer conducted coupled approach to normal landing,Physical Environment;Proficiency
368067,GND control instructed to taxi via taxiway U; runway 28; short of runway 23L. approaching taxiway W on taxiway J; ground asked if we had our numbers and if we were ready. (load planning computers were down; and we had just finished receiving our numbers.) we said yes. ground control then told us to taxi via taxiway J onto runway 28; ahead of the MD80 at taxiway U and runway 28; and to monitor tower on 120.9. CLE tower told us to hold short of runway 23L. 1 aircraft then landed. CLE tower told us to cross runway 23L for runway 23R. we told the tower we required runway 23L due to weight and balance. tower told us to hold short of runway 23L and in the future to tell ground control that we would require runway 23L. I responded by saying 'holding short.' we continued to hold short. tower then told us that there was traffic on final for runway 23L and to taxi onto runway 23L. as he was instructing us; I released the brakes and began to roll. tower then said to cross runway 23L; turn left on runway 23R and continued with further complex instructions in a hurried and confusing manner. my copilot at the same time said that there was traffic on short final for runway 23L. I could not see the final approach path to runway 23L; so I held my position short of runway 23L. tower then said (call sign) to turn left on taxiway S. I did not know how I could turn left on taxiway S from my position. tower then said (wrong call sign) cross runway 23L. now; not only was he giving longitude; complex and confusing instructions; he was calling us by the wrong call sign. I told the tower I was holding. tower came back and said I was not holding. tower then asked air carrier Y if they could land on runway 23R. air carrier Y responded they could and did land on runway 23R. tower then cleared us for takeoff and when we were 700 feet above ground; he told us to call. the copilot read back the phone number. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: analyst learned from the callback that RPTR'S aircraft was a DC9 and that the call to the supervisor indicated no discrepancies other than the Flight Crew should inform ground controller when they need the longer runway for departure,Other;Pressure;Resource Deficiency
368520,ABOUT 20 minutes prior to departure; I informed crew tracking that I may possibly need to call in sick at SJU to give them a heads up. en route I officially informed them that I was in fact going to be too sick to fly my next leg (SJU- EWR). they told me they had taken my initial call from aua as my official sick call when in fact I considered myself well enough to fly aua-SJU. en route I became worse so I took the appropriate action and called in sick (en route),Physical Factors
369193,ENTERED bur class Celsius inadvertently. was using new Global Positioning System hand-held and having trouble with it. should have used VORS as backup to prevent incursion. lack of ground reference was a problem also -- all the more reason for a backup. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states this is a very difficult area in which to operate with the proximity of lax class B and bur class B airspace. he would normally have used the lax VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range as his Navigational Aid check but was trying to learn the Global Positioning System hand-held operations. RPTR has a Global Positioning System installed in the aircraft but purchased the hand-held unit for his wife to use. she is not a pilot; but likes to keep aware of position en route and has used the hand-held more than RPTR. he was alone at the time of the incident. the aircraft is an experimental LANCAIR 4,Familiarity;Resource Deficiency
369706,WENT to TNP to meet instructor for biennial flight review. instructor suggested we practice engine out procedures after liftoff with engine at idle. did a satisfactory takeoff with rear engine and instructor asked for another with the rear engine at idle. lost control of airplane 200 yards off end of runway 26. front engine and propeller beyond repair. rear propeller damage; wingtips; gear doors and vertical fin extension damage. flight ended inside airport boundary with no property or physical damage. pilot should not allow the position of instructor to influence them to try maneuvers not necessary or impractical. instructor should not ask for gear up at such low altitude. favored engine should be zero thrust; not idle. pilot should refuse to do anything with plane he does not feel comfortable and not be influenced by an authority/authorized figure. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that the aircraft operated was a C337 and that the instructor not only directed him to do a rear engine out procedure; but to also raise the landing gear at once adding additional drag too early in the attempted CLBOUT. he learned in a discussion with the Federal Aviation Administration Flight Standards District Office manager that this incident would be recorded on his pilot record for 2 YRS only since the major blame was placed on the instructor whose instructor certificate was proposed to be revoked. the RPTR believes that all airmen should be cautious in accepting a biennial flight review from any instructor until his qualifications can be checked to assure that the instructor is appropriately rated and has experience in the type of aircraft used in the review,Pressure;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
371440,AFTER landing on runway 13R in bfi; pulled off active runway and switched to ground. did not hear tower say 'stay with them.' we contacted ground; who instructed us to cross runway 13L; then they said we were told to stay with tower. we DIDN't hear that transmission. at no time was safety in doubt,Communication Environment
371871,SAT approach control; Instrument Landing System runway 12R sat. while being vectored for the runway 12R approach at sat; we heard and read back a new lower altitude of 2000 feet for the initial approach instead of 3000 feet. the 2000 feet assignment was heard by Captain; First Officer and air carrier jump seat rider. we were subsequently shifted over to the tower who stated that our altitude was low and that the Minimum Vector Altitude was 2800 feet and initial approach altitude was 3000 feet. we quickly ascended to 3000 feet. adding to this confusion was a vector for the Instrument Landing System intercept that caused us to fly through the Instrument Landing System localizer; and then had to REINTERCEPT the localizer from the W side of the approach. weather was 10 mile visibility with 2400 feet broken; 3100 feet overcast. we had visual contact with the ground almost immediately after descending below 3000 feet Mean Sea Level,Other;Physical Environment
372285,BOS departure control cleared us from 4000 feet to 5000 feet. I (the Pilot Not Flying) set 5000 feet in the altitude window; pointed and called '5000 feet' to which the copilot responded and started a climb. at 4500 feet I called '5000 feet to go' and noticed he was climbing at 1500 Feet Per Minute. at 4800 feet I firmly called '5000 feet' and helped push to nose over to LEVELOFF but we overshot our assigned altitude by 450 feet. later; the First Officer said he thought we were cleared to 10000 feet as it is quite common when leaving bos to the NW to be cleared from 4000 feet to 10000 feet. the Pilot Flying responded to all 3 altitude CALLOUTS but was mentally thinking 10000 feet. supplemental information from ACN 372280: I was concerned with maneuvering slightly to avoid some clouds and did not point to the altitude selector and confirm audibly that we were going to 5000 feet. in my mind we were going to 10000 feet,Preoccupation;Proficiency
372680,MULTIPLE aircraft were launching from lax. we were told to follow an airplane that was climbing at 140 Knots. Air Traffic Control then gave us a vector 90 degree off our course. I asked if a 'Visual Flight Rules climb would help get us back on course.' the controller said it would; but cleared us for Visual Flight Rules on top. I had asked for a Visual Flight Rules climb; not Visual Flight Rules on top; which we can't do. frequency congestion; a hostile controller attitude; and a desire not to upset the controller even more; prevented a timely resolution to the situation. a better understanding of the difference between Visual Flight Rules climb and Visual Flight Rules on top by Air Traffic Control is in order. supplemental information from ACN 372937: the controller cleared us to climb Visual Flight Rules to maintain 10000 feet. before our LEVELOFF the controller came back and said to maintain Visual Flight Rules on top at 10500 feet which we DIDN't really feel comfortable with. we asked for a hard altitude of 12000 feet and the controller declined,Attitude;Communication Environment;Pressure
373134,AFTER takeoff; I contacted ZOA at about 5000 feet for traffic. at 12000 feet I made an announcement on hollister airport'S Common Traffic Advisory Frequency that jumpers would be jumping 7 mile se of the hollister airport at TRES PINOS in 2 minutes. I also told center at 4 minutes and 1 minute till jumpers away over TRES PINOS and confirmed that there was no traffic in the area. at 1 minute away from jumpers exiting the aircraft a spotter checks 1 last time for hazardous traffic by looking out the exit door straight below the aircraft. determining that there was no traffic I made 1 final announcement on the Common Traffic Advisory Frequency the jumping would be in progress over the TRES PINOS drop zone for the next 10 minutes. after landing; I was told that an aircraft hit a skydiver'S open canopy at about 2000 feet; seconds after the chute deployed. the most outboard cell of the chute had a 1 feet tear in it confirming the event. the skydiver was not hurt; nor was the chute damaged enough for a cut- away. the pilot of the aircraft that hit the skydiver talked to the owner of the skydiving operation immediately after realizing what happened. the pilot said he knew he was near the skydiving operation and had a current Visual Flight Rules chart to verify this. he also said he heard the 2 minute call on the Common Traffic Advisory Frequency; but continued flying circles near the area. the reason he said he was there was to check out the large event that day at bolado park; 1 mile SW of the skydiving operation. it'S possible that he was distraction while circling and sightseeing and that he lost track of time. he knew the jumpers were jumping; and he knew he was over the drop zone; but failed to respond in time. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that this was really a very unusual incident. the skydive operation has been at the airport for 14 YRS and has never had such an incident. because of the special activity which is a world wide event; the RPTR also broadcast on the Common Traffic Advisory Frequency of hollister airport hoping that the numerous aircraft he had heard on that frequency would be aware of the jumpers. the pilot who hit the jumper'S chute was most apologetic because he had heard the broadcast but was so wrapped up in the special activity that he failed to scan more carefully. RPTR also feels that the jumper would have been able to hear the aircraft had he not had the full helmet which a video photographer wears. this covers the entire head and ears. in addition; the VIDEOGRAPHER is concentrating on the subject skydiver and not using a normal scan technique. RPTR contacted the National Transportation Safety Board and has spoken with the Federal Aviation Administration. since there were no injuries or aircraft damage they intend no follow up. the aircraft was a king air,Preoccupation;Proficiency
373540,A citation jet landed on runway 12 and rolled out to D3. a SKYMASTER was landing behind the citation and was well past the threshold (approximately abeam taxiway g airborne) when the citation finally exited the runway,Other
374006,APCH called out opposite direction Visual Flight Rules traffic 500 feet below at 12 O'clock. unable to see light aircraft. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory response climbed from 11000 feet to 12000 feet at about 2000 Feet Per Minute then descended when clear of conflict,Other;Physical Environment
374430,CLRED for Instrument Landing System runway 23L then asked to sidestep to runway 23R at about 100 feet above ground level which prevented a brief of what taxiway to expect to roll out to. during hard reverse thrust; we were told to hold short of runway 23L. I was aware that the runways were close together so I taxied very slowly to exit runway 23R and was looking for the hold short lines. they were not where I expected to find them and I realized I had crossed them by at least 5 feet and I stopped. a jet then landed on runway 23L and cleared the runway. we were told to cross runway 23L and follow the jet. tower or ground never mentioned it so I called on the phone to see if we were in trouble. they replied; 'no one in here knows anything about any problem with your flight; have a nice day!' there was no action taken. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR said that the hold line for runway 23L is too close to runway 23R. he said that he would not have cleared runway 23R if he had held short of the runway 23L hold line. according to this JETSTREAM 32 Captain; the controller that he called after the incident said the tower is aware of the problem; but the runways are simply too close to each other. the Captain also RPTED the incident to his chief pilot and requested that the chief pilot put out a notice concerning the problem. the chief pilot showed him a notice that he put out approximately 1 YR ago on this subject. the RPTR said that he found this somewhat embarrassing and he has put the bulletin to the others in his flight manual,Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
374825,I am currently an A320 Captain with an air carrier and have been employed with my company for about 10 YRS. I have enjoyed flying for most of my 25 YRS as a former military fighter pilot and commercial airline pilot. I am not a heretic in my company and with great consternation I write this report to you. yet I am extremely concerned about the direction my company is going with respect to our heavy all night PAIRINGS and associated scheduling of our pilots in mixing day and night flying. as you know from many studies you and others have done -- generally humans do not function well at all while working through the night and into the morning hours. my company has one of the highest utilization rates for a major commercial aircraft carrier of anyone in the world for the type of flying we do. they have chosen to do this by flying the aircraft and crew on pretty much a '24 hour basis.' for the aircraft; this works well; but for the crews it is highly fatiguing and I consider it not only stupid; but 'a potential disaster looking for a place to happen.' I have enclosed several of my air carrier'S PAIRINGS for you to review and you will note the mixture of day and night PAIRINGS. even with over 24 hour breaks to supposedly 'readjust one'S circadian clock and body functions' from night to day or day to night flying; I believe it is impossible for almost all of us and definitely does not work for me to fly appropriately. without question; over the last 3 YRS; the pilots I have personally flown with during all night PAIRINGS react more slowly and make Federal Aviation Regulation more mistakes during the early morning hours after flying all night. it appears it makes no difference how much one 'prepares' themselves by sleeping in the afternoon or keeping themselves awake at various times of the day -- it simply does not work and anyone who thinks more Cockpit Resource Management and automation will correct or improve the problem either have never flown these patterns as a pilot or are only fooling themselves. bottom line: I consider all of these types of PAIRINGS and any all night pairing ARRS in the early morning hours potentially dangerous and inappropriate. I believe the pilots at my air carrier fly more night patterns and hours than most freight air carrier pilots fly in a month; but with 4-5 fewer days off to 'recover' mentally and physically before doing it again. I personally will do everything in my power not to fly these type patterns because of what I stated above. it is incumbent upon me by not only Federal Aviation Administration regulations; but more importantly the safety and valued trust of the flying public to do no less. it is not because I am lazy; don't wish to work or am a heretic within my own company. nothing could be further from the truth. my own flight records and work ethic speak for themselves. I am simply extremely concerned with the fatigue factor I see with not only our own pilots; but other carriers as well who do these types of FLTS. it is my hope whoever happens to review this report will do what is right and notify the appropriate people in the Federal Aviation Administration; Department Of Transportation and other agencies to 'fix these problems' before it is too late. to do otherwise would be unconscionable. I have much respect for your agency and hope you can/will do what is necessary. thank you for your consideration of this most important matter. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR is an A320 Captain. he states that over the last several YRS the company has increased the number of operating hours on their aircraft in an effort to more efficiently use their fleet. however; as the fleet has become more efficient; he said; the pilots are becoming more fatigued. he gave several examples of schedules that in the course of several days flew both early morning and late night FLTS as well as all-day FLTS. the Captain said that it takes several days to recover and often the next trip begins while he is still fatigued from the last. he told of several events that he felt were directly caused by body time upset. he also told of some attempts by him and others to convince the company that the schedules needed to be constructed so as to allow the pilots to stay within a few hours of the same start and end times. these attempts were not very successful; he said; because the company management does not; apparently; feel that there is a problem. he said that he was told that the company cannot do anything about the pilot'S situation while it was in a precarious financial state. he said that he has discussed the issue with the Federal Aviation Administration and that he would call their hotline. this Captain seems to be genuinely concerned about the adverse implications to safety that these types of schedules may be causing,Duty Cycle;Physical Factors
375193,AT approximately XA00 local; a full digital Automated Radar Terminal Systems display radar scope in the islip area was determined to be unusable due to a failed internal component which adversely affected the radar display. when a replacement full digital Automated Radar Terminal Systems display radar scope was brought in to replace the failed scope; it was discovered that this was the last dedicated 'stand by' scope in the facility. further; this replacement full digital Automated Radar Terminal Systems display scope was not yet certified for operational use when it was moved into position. the technicians had to finish certification checks right there on the operational floor. the airways facilities technicians must be heralded for their efforts to keep this equipment running at all costs. but this constant recirculating of parts and other forms of 'meatball surgery' they are being forced to do in order to keep scopes running is unacceptable. soon there will be no replacement scopes whatsoever. the new york Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility needs new displays and soon; or else there will be a major adverse impact on operations throughout the new york metropolitan area; or worse. there have been instances of the radar display failing completely and unexpectedly on operational position. the situation has become critical. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR said they are to the point of not having any backup displays because of the cannibalizing of parts needed to repair other displays. he stated that their displays were the prototype of what is currently being used at ord; SCT; and DFW; among others; but due to changes are not compatible with N90'S equipment and could not borrow a display from one of those facilities. parts; IE; printed circuit boards; are sent to an electronic contractor specializing in printed circuit boards. RPTR alleges that the repair work does not meet the approved requirements of repair but is accepted as parts are not available. parts are no longer in production and even if they were; they would not be compatible. RPTR stated the whole facility; Air Traffic Control/airways facilities; is working together to handle the problem. RPTR said new equipment is scheduled for them in the year 2004 with what was referred to as 'Standard Terminal Arrival Route' equipment. RPTR alleged the PC boards are becoming worn from the repeated repair and causing other problems which is having an effect on the usability of the item. RPTR cited an example of a recent situation when another controller'S display picture diminished to a single white line. RPTR said a UCR has been filed on the problem,Resource Deficiency
375628,R brake failed on ROLLOUT; drifted off runway at end. propeller struck sand and gravel and rock before stopping. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the pilot said that he has flown this cessna P210 a number of times and is familiar with; what he termed; its inadequate brakes. he is sure that he would have checked the fluid levels; but cannot specifically recall the hydraulic fluid level. he said that the owner thinks that low hydraulic fluid level was the cause of the right brake'S failure to fully function. the owner had the landing gear swung after the aircraft was towed to the hanger and it operated normally. the RPTR said that he did not understand why the owner wanted to have the gear checked since it had operated normally for him and the off runway portion of his excursion was short and smooth. he also said that the propeller was not seriously damaged and the owner was probably going to have the chips and marks polished out. the Federal Aviation Administration had not contacted the RPTR as yet,Resource Deficiency
377460,DURING initial taxi out; ground told us to go to runway 4L; follow another air carrier from our left. we followed him out; switched to tower per instructions early in the taxi. unfortunately; I followed the other air carrier too much. he went to runway 9L. tower cleared us into position on runway 4L(?) (he must not have been watching; or we misunderstood him.) as we entered the runway; I noticed that the runway symbol on our Flight Management Computer Missed Approach Point did not agree with the direction of the concrete; and saw '9L' painted on the runway. tower cleared us to takeoff on runway 9L. the First Officer had the weights in mind and said we were ok on weight; no traffic conflict; so we took off. remedy for next time: 1) don't mindlessly follow aircraft on taxiway. 2) look at electronic Missed Approach Point before taking position. 3) stay alert. supplemental information from ACN 377061: we got a lot of instructions very early (ground was slow); but this should not normally be a problem. we had a distracting discussion with the ground controller; but that had ended longitude before we missed our turn. I had my Missed Approach Point out (always do); but somehow; it DIDN't 'click' that we needed to turn on 'W' for runway 4L. I had been flying with the Captain all month. a very competent pilot with a meticulous attention to detail. I don't feel I had to 'watch him.' we were told to 'follow the other air carrier.' perhaps a better term would have been 'give way to.' perhaps I was complacent. perhaps I'Mach Number not back on top of my game (I'D just returned from a 14 month leave of absence). I'Mach Number just searching in hindsight for an answer to 'why?' I think a combination of all of the above. I think the most disconcerting part of all this for me is that I DIDN't realize the error was made until it was much too late -- and that I can't come up with 1 good reason as to how or why it happened,Attitude;Preoccupation
377613,I briefed the First Officer (takeoff briefing) before we left the ramp area; expecting to get runway 36R. however; ground assigned us runway 36C. during the taxi I restated the takeoff heading and altitude for the Standard Instrument Departure glancing at the Standard Instrument Departure as we taxied; only briefly as we have used it many times. when we were #2 for takeoff the tower cleared a dash 8 who was #1 for takeoff and immediately cleared us into position and hold. I asked the First Officer what was the wind direction on the Automatic Terminal Information Service (wind sock was not in sight). he said wind 300 degree at 9 Knots. as soon as the dash 8 broke ground the tower cleared us for takeoff. I remember telling the First Officer that we would surely overtake this dash 8 quickly as soon as we became airborne. both myself and the First Officer began to watch the dash 8 and started the noise abatement turn on the Standard Instrument Departure. as we watched the dash 8 I stated to the First Officer we're gaining on him; and I DIDN't allow us to accelerate; keeping the speed to about 180-190 Knots and slowed our rate of climb. we were both 'outside' watching our separation getting closer. I expected departure control to turn us to intercept the transition; however; they DIDN't. as we were about to call and ask about the dash 8 (departure control was very busy); he called us and asked what was our heading. the First Officer looked at me and said we're on 300 degree which should have been 330 degree. we told Air Traffic Control 300 degree. they turned us and told us to stop our climb at 3500 feet Mean Sea Level; at which time we were approximately 1 mile and 500 feet from the dash 8. we had been distraction by watching the dash 8 and had overshot our 330 degree heading and not read the Horizontal Situation Indicator heading correctly in relation to the desired heading. when Air Traffic Control asked why we were on the 300 degree heading; we said we misread the heading to keep the explanation short. we had total visual contact at all times with dash 8 and it distraction us to an almost total outside the aircraft concentration,Preoccupation;Taskload
377936,RECEIVED low oil pressure warning indication. referenced Quick Reference Handbook and shut down the affected engine. made single engine landing at destination (BGM),Resource Deficiency
378329,THE plan was to maintain 250 Knots until 10 Distance Measuring Equipment as we descended into SFO international airport. while proceeding direct bridge outer compass locator on a southwesterly heading the only restrict from Air Traffic Control was to 'hurry through 5000 feet to maintain 4000 feet.' bay Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility sometimes issues a speed restrict as you enter their airspace but this was not the case this evening. the sun was low on the horizon making it difficult to gaze toward the W. I noticed jet traffic at our 1 O'clock position and approximately 5 mile. I reduced power to flight idle and began to slow down. the traffic turned out to be an MD80 at our altitude heading E. at this time we were turned over to the final approach controller. as we checked in with the new controller the first thing he said was 'what is your assigned altitude and turn left to 090 degree.' initiating the turn I became aware that we were closing fast on the MD80; a few seconds later we received a traffic alert from our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. I would estimate the closest we got to the MD80 was approximately 1 mile. we landed without further incident. it was apparent to us that the previous controller had dropped the ball by not ensuring adequate separation prior to handing us off to the final controller. our suspicions were confirmed after we landed as ground control advised us to call bay Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility right away. my brief conversation with the Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility supervisor revealed that Air Traffic Control had indeed dropped the ball and he was interested in hearing my story of the incident. he also informed me that the controller in question was now relieved of duty pending an investigation of his infraction,Physical Environment;Proficiency
379839,WHILE acting as Pilot In Command on air carrier flight xxx operating from dew to SUX we had a bird strike the nose area and windshield on the Captain'S side of the aircraft. upon inspection after landing; we found minor damage to the aircraft. the aircraft was inspected and signed off by a certified mechanic as safe for ferry flight. we then ferried the aircraft to a maintenance OPS Base Operations Office for repairs,Physical Environment
380270,TOLD to expect visual approach. I requested approach from PONDE. I thought I was cleared for approach. controller asked for altitude and I RPTED descending to 800 feet (Minimum Descent Altitude). he stated I HADN't been cleared to descend. I climbed back to 1600 feet and RPTED field in sight. confusion with what I requested (VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range from PONDE intersection) and what controllers thought I was flying (visual approach). Visual Flight Rules weather. no conflict with other traffic,Other
380744,I was assigned on sep/XA/97 to operate my company'S flight xxx to SFO at XX18Z. we rotated off of runway 13R at JFK. at approximately 200 feet; I noticed at our 10 O'clock position; a B747 operated by air carrier x who was not in radio contact with Air Traffic Control control. he was making a missed approach from runway 22L; but was not following published missed approach procedures. at this point; I took control of the aircraft (First Officer was flying the leg) and deviated from my departure clearance. I put the aircraft into a left bank of approximately 30-38 degree and passed behind air carrier x by approximately 200 yards and a vertical separation of 100 feet. personal comment: I feel that air carrier x'S failure to maintain constant contact with air traffic controling facilities through Very High Frequency. this was compounded by not following published missed approach procedures for JFK'S runway 22L. that Light Emitting Diode to this serious infringement on my flight'S assigned airspace. supplemental information from ACN 381020: aircraft #1 (air carrier x) was on approach to runway 22L. by the time aircraft #1 was on a 5 mile final; I instructed the trainee to reach out to him. the trainee did so with no response from the pilot. since we were working 2 runways; other XMISSIONS had to be made to other aircraft. the trainee followed up again reaching out to aircraft #1; and then a third time. each time there was no response. after our second attempt to reach aircraft #1; I pushed the override button on the ICSS panel and told the controller that I was not talking to air carrier x. the controller told me that I was talking to the wrong controller but that he would pass it along. there was no override direct line to the controller working the '0' tag position or at least it was not labeled as such. by the time the aircraft was on a 1 1/2 mile final; I yelled over to the controller working on the departure runway; however; the aircraft #2 (air carrier Y) had already been cleared for takeoff and was rolling down the runway. as soon as aircraft #2 was airborne; he was told about the traffic headed directly at him and the pilot of aircraft #2 took evasive action. while aircraft #1 was still on final; the trainee made a blind transmission clearing him to land. aircraft #1 finally checked in over the departure end of the runway and was immediately told about the traffic to his right. aircraft #1 was told to fly runway heading and further instructions. to prevent recurrence of this situation we need to have our ICSS buttons labeled correctly and we; as the arrival controllers; could probably have warned the departure controller a little bit sooner about the situation; however; there were other XMISSIONS that needed to be made that were also pertinent,Attitude;Communication Environment;Proficiency
381199,DURING #1 service I observed a broken bond wire on the left main landing gear fixed gear door. the aircraft was to depart on a scheduled flight in 40 minutes. I contacted air carrier line maintenance to see if I could defer the wire; since there was only one on the door I could not. I notified the lead mechanic and had the parts man order a new one. the lead mechanic assigned 2 other MECHS to work with me on the job. I removed the old wire. the part that was delivered to the gate was the wrong part. the lead mechanic stated at some point in time to me that we could use 2 shorter bond wires bolted together to the proper length as a replacement. he stated that we had done this before. one of the MECHS I was working with went and acquired the bonding wires we needed from parts on hand and installed 2 bond wires to complete the proper length. while he installed the wires I completed the paperwork for the aircraft and generated a deferred item to replace the 2 wires with the proper one at the first maintenance opportunity. it DIDN't occur to me to check for possible references to this repair in one of our maintenance manuals because I DIDN't think there would be a reference to such a simple repair and no one had said anything about it. after the plane left we found out there was a reference and it stated that the repair we accomplished needed an engineering authority/authorized. the wire was replaced and the deferred item that I had generated was cleared later that day,Resource Deficiency
382827,I had a FLAMEOUT of the right engine at FL349. I requested lower (FL280) at which time I restarted the engine. once I arrived at our destination (OKC) I contacted maintenance and was told that no other action was required. once I landed at our destination I was told that I was in violation of Federal Aviation Regulation 121.563 and 121.701. I think a violation is pending. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that the main problem was that he directly contacted maintenance rather than operations according to company procedures. he was given 2 weeks off without pay and 2 months downgrade to First Officer. there were no violations filed. the restart occurred at about FL290. maintenance changed the fuel control but 1 week after this incident there was another FLAMEOUT. the aircraft is restrict to FL310 now. this is the CJ6 engine which has a fan bolted onto the rear of the engine. there is often trouble with this engine,Resource Deficiency
383225,WE got a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Traffic Advisory at 300 feet vertical separation rapidly closing to 0. angle of approach was from approximately 4 O'clock position. visual contact was made through the right aft cockpit window with an MD11 in a right turn. closest lateral separation was about 500 feet. no evasive action was required. two things concern me. no Resolution Advisory was issued and control of runways 35C and 35L traffic is under 2 local controllers; diminishing ability to rapidly communicate with pilots on close simultaneous parallel approaches. thanks for your review of this report,Other
383600,UPON the completion of my third full stop landing; I taxied to the transient parking where my passenger to be was waiting. immediately upon my passenger'S entry into my parked rental plane; an Federal Aviation Administration inspector pulled up in his car. he asked me to step out of the plane for an Federal Aviation Administration ramp check. when asked for the rental plane'S airworthiness certificate; I provided what I found in the plastic pouch at my left ankle in the cockpit. the inspector'S reaction to its presentation was that the certificate was invalid due to the fact it WASN't the original; but a photocopy. he advised me that was a violation; but I was not asked to sign a violation complaint. I asked if he would ticket me if I taxied the rental plane back to where it belonged. he hesitated and finally said no he WOULDN't. according to Federal Aviation Regulation 91.203 A1 'an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate is required.' if the opposite of appropriate is inappropriate; then I'D like to know where in the Federal Aviation Regulations it says a photocopy is not appropriate. to take it another step; where does it say in the Federal Aviation Regulations that an original is the only acceptable form of a current airworthiness certificate? I suggest that the Federal Aviation Regulation be amended to reflect either a photocopy or original be acceptable proof; especially when the next sentence says a copy of a special flight permit is ok. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that he had not been contacted further by the Federal Aviation Administration regarding this matter and that the incident happened at the montgomery field airport; san diego; CA. after reiterating the point regarding the lack of clarification in the Federal Aviation Regulation for the original airworthiness certificate only; he was advised that Federal Aviation Administration legal has made this interpretation to help prevent bogus certificates,Other;Resource Deficiency
384024,ACFT had an Minimum Equipment List item placarded from the previous day; Minimum Equipment List for the right engine failed in high approach idle position. additionally; the inbound crew wrote up the left engine for the same problem. discussion with maintenance personnel and the subsequent balancing entry for the inbound write-up indicated the left engine write-up was proper for the circuit breaker that was collared for the right engine. flight release indicated Minimum Equipment List in effect and added required additional fuel; and text about landing runway decreased length and flap limits for takeoff; but nothing about limitation on not using standard power for takeoff. the takeoff power system had standard power listed and that is what we used. on the next leg; after a more thorough examination of the write-ups and the Minimum Equipment List (which is 3 pages for this item) we noticed the next to last comment on the last page prohibiting standard power takeoffs. dispatch was contacted and maximum power used. I had never come across this Minimum Equipment List problem; so the combination of a new; complex problem with several limitations and 3 pages worth of things to cover; ended up missing the maximum power requirement as did the dispatcher also. also; the Minimum Equipment List says there are 2 approach idle system in the aircraft; but maintenance informed us there is only 1 circuit breaker; so that if one engine is stuck in high idle; pulling the circuit breaker will put the other engine there as well. at best; a confusing and difficult scenario,Other;Resource Deficiency
384440,SHORTLY after arrival at the gate in las vegas while deplaning passenger through the normal entrance door via the JETWAY; cabin smoke appeared. the aft flight attendant notified the flight deck of smoke and requested orders on how to evacuate/evacuation passenger. the Captain responded to use the forward entry. I viewed the Auxiliary Power Unit exhaust to determine that there was no fire; but suspect an oil leak as to the cause of smoke. fire trucks and maintenance was immediately dispatched. passenger were deplaned through the forward entry without incident or injury. the Auxiliary Power Unit was examined and determined cause was an oil seal. no other action was required,Resource Deficiency
386774,AN air carrier of hired me in OCT/96 as a mechanic with the promise of a pilot job after 6-12 months. at the time; I notified the chief pilot that I was MULTI rated but that there was a restrict of 'MULTI engine land and Special Visual Flight Rules only' on my certificate. there was some debate; of which I DIDN't partake in; as to whether this deficit would be a problem. later that month; I had the opportunity to fly the company'S light twin to get checked out to fly maintenance runs and to resolve the MULTI engine instrument lack on my ticket; so I thought. I flew the plane twice in OCT/96 and did no further flying for the company for another 8 months. in jun/97 I began First Officer training to fly shorts SD3'S under part 135; as the company needed pilots. during my training; I mentioned my certificate restrict to the instructor; who just started instructing. he told me he would check on it; but seemed to imply it WASN't an issue as a sic pilot. I missed reading Federal Aviation Regulation part 135.245; and no one brought it up when the ground school covered regulations. researching the company'S general operating procedures manual; it appears that this regulation on sic requirements was excluded. the subject was not addressed again until my part 135 CHKRIDE. although the check airman asked to see my certificate and made a copy of it for the record; he obviously thought my status would pose no problems. on JUL/XX/97 through NOV/XX/97 I began flying the line with Captain on a daily freight contract for air carrier from cho-ILN and back. I had asked the Captain on several occasions how I could log my instrument time; either 'actual' or 'simulated.' he contended it be logged as actual time; but I logged it as simulated Instrument Flight Rules. finally; in OCT/97; I spoke to a pilot group representative; and he advised me to log the time as actual. a second opinion from an Federal Aviation Administration flight inspector from DUPAGE; IL; also pointed to the logging of my Instrument Flight Rules experience as actual. on NOV/XX/97; an Federal Aviation Administration inspector examined my certificate during a ramp check in cho and asked if I did not need certification in category and class for our operations. my response was; according to my company practice; it was ok as longitude as I was only performing duties as sic; as I understood them. a week later; my company received a letter from the Flight Standards District Office in virginia via the milwaukee Flight Standards District Office; mentioning fines for each flight I was present under Instrument Meteorological Conditions. though I have not seen this letter; my company removed me from my flying duties on NOV/YY/97. the last Instrument Flight Rules flight I made was on NOV/XY/97. in hindsight; I realize now that I should never take for granted an oversight made by any employer when it concerns operations in which I am involved. I must also personally verify that all operations comply with the Federal Aviation Regulations; especially in matters concerning certification. finally; I learned that there is no excuse for not being totally cognizant of all the available information and resources pertaining to flight operations I am performing,Proficiency;Taskload
387207,ON descent to FL230; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave a Traffic Advisory followed by an Resolution Advisory. scope set to 40 Nautical Mile range. at time of Resolution Advisory aircraft in conflict showed FL241; we were descending through FL248. evasive maneuver via Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II was executed. then continued descent to assigned altitude of FL230. rome Air Traffic Control inquired if we had executed an evasive maneuver and we said yes. did not visually observe other aircraft. supplemental information from ACN 387556: initial descent; Captain was flying and other copilot in right seat. received an Resolution Advisory and Captain initiated a climb. other aircraft passed below from 2 O'clock to 7 O'clock position. no previous notice of traffic to us,Other
387650,APCH gave clearance off macy Standard Instrument Departure to fly 200 degree; speed 210 Knots; descend from 14000 feet to 10000 feet. clearance was read back. shortly later; a turn was given to 270 degree; then approach called to say 'stop descent; maintain 11000 feet.' aircraft was at 10600 feet. descent was stopped by 10500 feet and aircraft was brought back to 11000 feet. approach then informed us that we were only cleared to 11000 feet,Other
387700,ON NOV/XA/97 at XX00; DCA-HSV was delayed causing a delayed arrival in HSV. upon checking out at XX30 the crew did not realize we were not going to have the entire scheduled reduced rest period. the time change from eastern standard to central could have added confusion. also the company'S current crew track system did not flag our section to advise us of the need for a delayed check-in for the following day. we checked in at XA36; our scheduled check-in time. still not aware of not getting our full 9 hours of reduced rest; the following day I was advised by my crew that we did not get enough crew rest. crew scheduling had called the Captain,Other;Physical Factors
388105,I performed an 'overnight check' on air carrier aircraft; a B737-200 at ZZZ airport. the check was performed by another air carrier mechanic and myself. after completing the overnight check as per air carrier job card; I made a logbook entry stating that an overnight check had been accomplished. I then went home at approximately XA30 -- after working 16 hours continuous. geographic inspectors from the ZZZ Flight Standards District Office conducted a spot inspection on the said aircraft and RPTEDLY found a cowl latch on the inboard side of the #1 engine 'loose and hanging down approximately 1/2 inch.' they RPTED this to the lead mechanic on duty and he inspected the latch; found it to be airworthy and secure and programmed the latch to be repaired or replaced as required at the next maintenance routine overnight layover. the latch was subsequently replaced on NOV/XA/97. I did not notice anything out of the ordinary on the #1 engine during my WALKAROUND inspection that would have affected the airworthiness or the safety of the aircraft and the lead mechanic who subsequently programmed the latch for repair also found its condition to be safe; secure and airworthy. I do not think this situation affected the airworthiness of the aircraft or the safety of its passenger. the cause of this incident is unknown; but there are many factors that I think may have caused its occurrence such as: 1) weather -- snowing all day. 2) ramp conditions -- slush; snow; ice; and DE-icing fluid on ramp. 3) lighting -- inspection was performed at night,Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
388140,ON dec/XX/97 at XA50 Mountain Standard Time; I was the acting Captain on a cessna citation SII; departing from rock springs; WY; to SLC. the weather in SLC was above minimums in snow for Instrument Landing System approaches the entire morning and slowly improving. I was initially cleared to CARTR intersection to hold as published with approximately a 30 minute EFC time -- which was extended due to snow removal problems at SLC. our fuel quantity was never a problem and we could have held for more than an hour longer than we did with reserves. I believe we held for close to an hour in all. during holding while in a couple of the course reversals the pilot'S Horizontal Situation Indicator #1 heading flag appeared momentarily -- perhaps for a second; and then returned to normal. this is a contributing factor. from holding at CARTR to being vectored to downwind for runway 34L the heading flag never appeared. upon turning left for a vectored heading of 360 degree from 160 degree to intercept the localizer the heading flag again appeared but the Horizontal Situation Indicator #1 compass seemed to be slewing normally with Radio Magnetic Indicator #1 and Horizontal Situation Indicator #2. with the heading flag the Auto-Pilot command bars were lost and the yaw dampener dropped off-line. I had been flying by hand during the entire vector sequence. as this malfunction was occurring my task saturation was high -- flying the aircraft and ascertaining what for sure had failed. in the seconds from the point when the flag appeared to when I rolled out near the assigned heading I noticed a split of 40- 50 degree from Radio Magnetic Indicator #1 and Horizontal Situation Indicator #2. the approach controller caught this simultaneously and made his right turn instruction. in actuality I had turned the plane to a heading of 310-320 degree. this is where the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II was alerted on an aircraft that was following us in trail. there were several seconds of confusion of exactly what heading the aircraft I was flying was on until a XCHK with the magnetic compass confirmed the Horizontal Situation Indicator #2 to be accurate. I immediately began a turn back to the right using Radio Magnetic Indicator #1 as my heading reference; intercepted the localizer and completed the approach using raw data. being that the pilot'S Horizontal Situation Indicator and Radio Magnetic Indicator #1 seemed to slew identically during the first seconds of the turn after the flag appeared I was deceived assuming that a glitch had again occurred as earlier in holding. once that flag had shown if I had assumed a hard failure and used the Radio Magnetic Indicator #1 as a reference no incident would have happened. I've already discussed this with the SLC Flight Standards District Office and no enforcement will be taken but I felt Aviation Safety Reporting System might appreciate hearing of this incident. they seemed sympathetic that this failure happened at the worst possible time during the approach. lesson learned,Other;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
388570,IT was my leg from lax-tol. going into tol we were #2; about 5 mile in trail of another aircraft and about 10-12 mile from the airport when we checked on with tower. neither the aircraft in front nor we had been cleared to land because of ground equipment on the runway. both of us were told to continue. my crew and I became involved with our before landing checklist and I remember during the checklist hearing the aircraft in front of us being cleared to land. as we got closer to the runway the turbulence began increasing to moderate and I became preoccupied with holding Glideslope; localizer; and AIRSPD and forgot we had not been cleared to land. I normally turn the nose landing lights on when cleared to land. I held true to my technique but forgot to check them before landing. I noticed them off during the landing roll. the landing was uneventful and the runway was clear. tower DIDN't state a problem with our operation. after we blocked in I asked the rest of the crew if they remembered us being cleared to land. they DIDN't remember either way. I need to be more aware of my CLRNCS and remember to check my memory aid before I land. if I am still in doubt I should ask again,Physical Environment;Preoccupation
388652,LCL flight for pleasure purposes and to fly with a private pilot acquaintance who has been inactive in flying for some time. passing by a local airport; it appeared that the runway; a grass strip; had been plowed. RPTR determined to land and did so 2 times; allowing the other pilot to make 1 approach; under the supervision and with the assistance of RPTR Pilot In Command; a Certified Flight Instructor. this airport is a very nice grass strip very near the RPTR'S home OPS Base Operations Office airport and is frequently used by TAILWHEEL aircraft such as that flown; a 1947 AERONCA 7AC. this airport has in the past been used during the winter and was recently winter home OPS Base Operations Office for an acquaintance of the RPTR. taxiing back from the second landing; RPTR noticed a truck with an antenna had pulled into the airport; stopped; and the driver appeared to be looking out to the runway; then looking down to write something. this seemed unusual and aroused RPTR'S suspicion. RPTR has landed at this airport many; many times over a period of many YRS. it is somewhat unusual for anyone to be about during week days or; if there is anyone present; for anyone to pay more than casual attention to operations. RPTR'S suspicions prompted RPTR to obtain a DUAT report from his home computer the following day from which it was determined that the airport in question was NOTAMED closed; although there were no x'S on the runways or other visible evidence of closure. RPTR had attempted to obtain a DUAT briefing prior to leaving the home airport on the day of the flight. however; the DUAT machine was off-line at the airport. INASMUCH as RPTR had not intended to fly to or land at this airport and had stopped on impulse only; it is possible that RPTR would not have noticed the Notice To Airmen in any event. since a Notice To Airmen is easy to miss under these circumstances; it appears to RPTR that the time honored practice of crossing out closed runways is a useful one to prevent inadvertent violation. this is the practice at RPTR'S home OPS Base Operations Office and one to which RPTR believes most airports still adhere. however; since it appears that at least some airports close by Notice To Airmen only; without any visual indication; RPTR has concluded that the only procedure likely to prevent inadvertent violation is simply to assume that all airports are closed and not to land at any airport without having first verified that the airport is open. RPTR will in future; albeit somewhat reluctantly since much of the spontaneity of past times will be lost; adhere to this practice and recommend the same to his students,Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
388935,AFTER takeoff; cabin filled with very strong fumes. I notified cockpit. the smell stayed in the cabin. myself and a lot of the passenger complained of burning sensation in our throats from the smell. we returned to DFW; and deplaned passenger via forward entry door. supplemental information from ACN 391777: as we were ascending; the #2 Flight Attendant and I smelled strong fumes in coach cabin. the #1 Flight Attendant called back and said they were in first class also. we all checked the galleys; LAVS and aircraft to find out where it was coming from. we kept in contact with the Captain. while at cruising altitude; the passenger became anxious and nervous because the fumes did not dissipate. the Captain decided to go back to DFW and land the plane. upon landing; we WEREN't sure if the fumes were dissipating; or we just got used to the odor. after deplaning the passenger; the maintenance man came on and told the Captain the fumes were from the paint job on the generator of the new engine. the generator was 'fried' and melting the paint around it. (we were the first flight to go out with this new engine.) the Captain said we could have had a possible fire if we had gone all the way to TPA. a couple hours later; we had a new plane; boarded the passenger; and flew to TPA without incident. two of the Flight Attendant'S deplaned in DFW from exposure to the fumes,Resource Deficiency
389044,ORIGINATING morning flight XC00 local (still dark) CLE. the weather was deteriorating rapidly from fog. taxiing out we got a new special Automatic Terminal Information Service. our instructions from ground were to taxi to runway 5L; hold short of runway 5R at taxiway n. note that runway 5R is a category ii/low visual runway with High Intensity Runway Lights and CTRLINE lights and low takeoff minimums. runway 5L has High Intensity Runway Lights only. holding short of runway 5R at taxiway n; tower told us to cross runway 5R and taxi into position and hold runway 5L. followed shortly by 'runway 5L Runway Visual Range now 1400-1100-800 feet cleared for takeoff.' we proceeded with an uneventful departure. however; I later realized that the takeoff on runway 5L did not have legal weather -- 1600 feet Runway Visual Range. I called the tower and discussed with them that this was totally my fault; but that they could help further sits as this by knowing that ACRS need the low visual runway if Runway Visual Range is below 1600 feet for takeoff. if tower knows the Runway Visual Range is below that value then they should ask pilots if they would like the low visual runway. operations always run smoother if we are a little educated about our co- workers' jobs,Physical Environment;Proficiency
389480,SIGHTSEEING -- flew into airspace of westover air force OPS Base Operations Office,Other
389590,I was flying single pilot and it was night and Instrument Meteorological Conditions. I was looking down to find a chart and inadvertently started climbing. I looked up to see I was climbing through FL223 (300 feet high). I immediately corrected and returned to FL220. I probably went 400 feet high before getting it back down. no other aircraft were anywhere near and there was no conflict or inquiry from center. in the future; I will ensure the aircraft is trimmed better before looking at or for charts and decrease the time where I am not scanning the instruments. (aircraft is not Auto-Pilot equipped.,Preoccupation
389998,JUST before beginning descent from FL350 for approach to sin; aircraft entered a very small but violent thunderstorm top. radar was on and monitored; but no returns. experienced 8-10 seconds of severe turbulence. a few passenger and flight attendants experienced minor injuries. encounter was entered in logbook and aircraft inspected before further flight,Physical Environment
391464,WINDSHIELD (pilot side) caught fire INFLT. with all power secured; fire continued. executed emergency procedures; discharged halon fire extinguisher and put fire out. used alternate gear extension procedures and landed with no flaps; trim; speed brakes or reverse thrust. shut down and evacuated aircraft. we did declare an emergency at the start. crew resource management was great. Air Traffic Control did an outstanding job. no injuries. National Transportation Safety Board; Federal Aviation Administration notified as soon as possible. investigation is on going. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the Captain'S windshield overheated and started to burn with 6 inch flames which required using the halon fire extinguisher to put out. the RPTR said from the time the flames appeared it took only 6 minutes to get on the ground and during this time all the emergency procedures were accomplished. the Federal Aviation Administration was notified of this incident,Resource Deficiency
391880,CAPT off of radio with company callback of departure times and estimates when Air Traffic Control cleared flight to FL350 (overheard later Air Traffic Control discussion). First Officer heard and we believe read back FL350 as the altitude. Captain came back on line in time to hear Air Traffic Control question the clearance altitude and advise that it was 'no problem.' discussion among pilots confirmed some confusion about clearance and actions while single pilot operating (First Officer leg). corrections: offline pilot stay on Air Traffic Control also. use Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System or similar automatic system for company communications,Other
392352,WITH clearance to climb from a choppy FL290 to FL330 we encountered moderate turbulence passing FL320. the turbulence was so bad that the AIRSPD flux and loss caused the aircraft to stop climbing and actually start to descend. this with full climb power and an optimum cruising altitude of FL340. I leveled at FL320 to maintain flying speed and ask ny commercial radio to get us permission to descend back to FL290. they said we would have to comply with the FL330 clearance. with turbulence increasing I informed commercial radio and used my emergency authority/authorized to descend back to FL290. I informed commercial radio to ask for any vector or any other lower altitude that would maintain aircraft clearance if needed. ZNY almost immediately came on the high frequency frequency; via phone patch; with clearance to maintain course and FL290. turbulence not present at FL290 so flight proceeded from there as normal,Physical Environment
392834,AFTER boarding and serving 5 passenger; I started both ENGS and got my Instrument Flight Rules clearance. as the result of high humidity (moderate rain) and the 6 people on board; all the rainstorms on the aircraft fogged up. I turned on the heater and defroster. I proceeded with my checklist while waiting for the windshield to clear. I then felt a light jerk. looking out; I saw that my left wing was touching the right wing of a CPR jet. my first thought was that the other aircraft had hit me as I was standing still. the right seat passenger then informed me that my aircraft had been creeping forward and came in contact with the other aircraft. my feet were on the brake; but I must have relaxed the pressure without realizing it allowing my aircraft to move forward. because of the foggy windows; the rain and the darkness; I DIDN't have any visual clues that I was moving. my aircraft had moved about 50 feet before contacting the other aircraft (#2). the damage to my aircraft was minimal: a small tear in the deicing boot and a 4 inch scratch on top of the leading edge. preliminary inspection of the only aircraft (#2) shows the only damage to be a torn-off static wick on the right aileron. this incident was caused by my failure to properly set the hand brake prior to starting the ENGS. contributing factors were rain; darkness; condensation and fog inside the aircraft and to a small extent tiredness. at the time of the incident I had been up for over 15 hours and on duty for 8 hours. I learned a valuable lesson: I will never ever start an aircraft engine until I assure that the hand brake is set properly and leave it set until ready to taxi out,Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Proficiency
393257,TWO separate Ground Proximity Warning System warnings while maneuvering on radar vectors for the Instrument Landing System runway 24R at lax. both occurred while in level flight at 2500 feet Mean Sea Level (Minimum Vector Altitude). conditions were night Instrument Meteorological Conditions with scattered rain showers. the first warning; one cycle of 'too low -- gear' occurred simultaneous with aircraft entering a heavy rain shower and on an extended downwind n of the localizer heading 100 degree. the second warning; one cycle of 'terrain; terrain' occurred at 22.0 Distance Measuring Equipment IOSS while established on the localizer. aircraft was clear of clouds with terrain visible. during both occurrences; aircraft was being hand flown in level flight +/-100 feet due to turbulence,Physical Environment
393293,THE flight was bumpy starting right after takeoff. we (the 4 flight attendants working main cabin) remained seated in the aft of the cabin with our seat belts on for most of the first 1 1/2 hours. it finally started to smooth out so we got up and about 5 minutes later it started getting choppy again. we were getting the beverage and meal carts ready in the aft of main cabin. one of the other flight attendants called the cockpit to see if it was going to get any worse or if it was going to continue. the Captain said it WOULDN't get any worse than it was and it would be ok to do the service. I then called him to have them warm the cabin a little because it was cold. this is when we hit severe turbulence. I came off the floor hitting my head on the ceiling. I heard other flight attendants screaming and saw them flying around. we all managed to get buckled into seats after getting banged around a couple of times. there were minor injuries; nothing serious. I feel we were very lucky. I was standing beside a fully stocked beverage cart at the time it occurred. these carts weigh 400 pounds. it fell over and could have fallen on me if I HADN't gotten out of the way soon enough. we remained seated for the duration of the flight. there was a mechanical problem with the plane in los angeles. we departed a little late. I think it was something to do with the pressurization in the cabin. the problem was not completely corrected; so the aircraft could not fly above a certain altitude. I think that maybe if we could have cruised at a higher altitude this could have been avoided,Physical Environment
393720,WHILE flying a SUPERCUB from yakima; WA; to logan; UT; I stopped in caldwell; identification; for fuel. after departing I called BOI approach for a clearance through the corner of their airspace; and when I switched off their frequency I accidentally turned the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range azimuth. I then NAVED into R3203 (I think) before discovering my error. once discovered I exited immediately,Proficiency
393756,ORIGINATED in MHT. aircraft had #2 engine control unit MELED. we read the Minimum Equipment List and were in compliance. en route to LGA; #1 DC generator failed. both yaw damper channels failed also after takeoff. both items were written up in LGA. maintenance replaced #1 DC generator. the yaw damper was MELED. we read the Minimum Equipment List for yaw damper and noted that Auto-Pilot cannot be used. after flying 3 legs; we were informed by maintenance in PHL that we COULDN't fly the airplane with both yaw dampers and an engine control unit inoperative. we remembered then; that the engine control unit Minimum Equipment List stated this; but we both forgot because at the time we read it; the yaw damper was working. the yaw damper Minimum Equipment List DIDN't mention both engine control units must be operating to be in compliance. I believe the problem was caused by us mentally thinking engine control unit Minimum Equipment List was in compliance because it was when we read it. with all that happened en route to LGA; the Minimum Equipment List for the engine control unit was in the back of our heads. we DIDN't reread the engine control unit Minimum Equipment List to see if the yaw damper affected it. this was a mistake on our part. as a rule; we don't read the Minimum Equipment List items over before each flight unless it is a new Minimum Equipment List; which is what we did with the yaw damper. one problem that happened was the engine control unit Minimum Equipment List stated both yaw damper cannot be inoperative; however the yaw damper Minimum Equipment List DIDN't mention the engine control unit. it would help if MELS included every possible item and system affected by it if inoperative; (ex; refer to engine control unit inoperative Minimum Equipment List) or company policy having us read MELS prior to each flight,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
394227,EXECUTED proper landing sequence. followed checklist on downwind leg; OPS Base Operations Office leg; and final approach. after touchdown landing gear lock failed causing landing gear to retract,Resource Deficiency
394340,UPON return to SGR; I was informed by houston approach that I encroached in class B airspace by exceeding 4000 feet floor just inside outer radius. I was unaware of encroachment; believing I had climbed to 4500 feet Mean Sea Level outside airspace limits as judged by ground references. although houston approach stated the encroachment occurred inbound to SGR; it most likely occurred when flying outbound on 180- 360 degree heading at 4500 feet from IWS airport. I was using city of brookshire as reference point outside of class B. error probably occurred due to unawareness of exact aircraft position and exact class B boundary. contributing factor may have been less focus due to only second passenger carried as a private pilot. encroachment was in outer fringe of class B airspace. error can be avoided in the future by allowing ample radial clearance outside class B limits before climbing to higher altitudes. this can be achieved by paying closer attention to aircraft position and airspace boundaries,Proficiency
394699,AT V1 felt small bump. rotated at VFR Military Training Routes. with positive rate of climb First Officer noted that left main landing gear green light was out and left main gear red unsafe gear light was on. asked for 3000 feet for final altitude and vectors in the local area until damage could be assessed. did not raise gear. visual inspection of gear down lock indicator showed gear was down and locked. ground personnel at airport RPTED that a main gear tire Civil Air Patrol was found on the departure runway. unable to assess if there was any further damage to aircraft; prepared cabin for an emergency landing. landing accomplished without incident,Resource Deficiency
394820,ACFT approached airport in Visual Flight Rules. both pilots unfamiliar with airport. field was called in sight and we were cleared for the visual to runway 2. approach told us to 'keep the speed up' and contact tower. we called tower; they told us to 'keep the speed up' and cleared us to land. due to the speed of the aircraft and our unfamiliarity with the area; the aircraft ended up in improper position for landing; requiring a miss and a second uneventful approach. factors: 1) Air Traffic Control pushing the speed on us. things just got going too fast for us in this situation. 2) crew not planning the descent and approach properly. 3) crew was tired. this was the last leg of a 4 day trip. the airline has a schedule that has us fly 1 hour and situation for 2 hours for 12 hours a day. although our flight time was low; we had a lot of duty time. we were beat. obviously this sudden turn of events along with a new airport plus the longitude week was a little much. in my opinion; situation time wears one out just as fast as flight time,Duty Cycle;Familiarity;Physical Factors;Pressure
395202,AT approximately 1 hour into the flight; the CSC came into the cockpit and informed me that there was smoke in the cabin and it had an electrical smell. while the CSC was looking for the source of smoke in aft cabin; I had the so contact dispatcher and notify of problem. First Officer informed Air Traffic Control. informed both dispatcher and Air Traffic Control of possible diversion. CSC informed me 'smoke still present;' unable to locate source; and right aft lavatory smoke alarm sounding off. had so step into cabin; verified smoke and smell. initiated emergency descent to ama as so re-entered cockpit. at this time 'right duct overheat' light illuminated. ran the emergency descent; smoke identify and removal; and duct overheat light CHKLISTS. was my leg; gave the aircraft to First Officer at the beginning of situation. he flew the descent; approach; and landing while I worked with so and CSC. requested emergency equipment for landing. during descent the cabin smoke cleared. landing was normal. weather at ama 150 degree at 7 Knots; 10 mile 4 overcast 3 degree/3 degree; HVT weight landing approximately 156000 pounds. after landing with no evidence of smoke; taxied to ramp area where we were assisted by air carrier personnel. after stopping the aircraft; fire fighters gave the aircraft a 'look over' for evidence of fire or smoke -- none seen. off-loaded the passenger from L1 and had them enter the terminal building. a fire fighter entered the aircraft to investigate. neither the fire fighters nor contract maintenance could find evidence of smoke or fire. after discussions with ATL maintenance; fire fighters; and contract maintenance; felt sure that the source of smoke was the right pack. regenerated the flight and brought the aircraft into ATL. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the right pack overheat was caused by an automatic temperature pack controller which was deferred and the pack was operated to trip termination in manual mode,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
395316,BATTERY acid spill in forward pit B737-400. air carrier flight XX sea-KTN. signed a HAZMAT 'notification to Pilot In Command' form with wrong flight number -- flight YY instead of flight XX. acid did spill; on notification disembarked passenger and crew for spill clean-up and safety. lesson: have First Officer inspect the HAZMAT after loading onto aircraft and read every detail of HAZMAT form for errors before signing,Other;Resource Deficiency
395660,ON descent into las vegas with Captain flying; I got distracted with seating passenger/flight attendants when encountering turbulence. Captain did not reset altimeter and when I came back to the situation (after doing announcements; etc) Captain was 300-400 feet low (cleared to 12000 feet). told Captain to reset altimeter to local setting. at about the same time center turned us over to approach who gave us clearance to 10000 feet. no comments from Air Traffic Control controllers and no Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II or visual traffic noted,Physical Environment;Preoccupation
395785,WHILE on approach to bos runway 4R on localizer and Glideslope the altitude ALERTER in the cockpit sounded. we were at 5900 feet descending and the altitude ALERTER was set at 6000 feet. we were unsure if we had been cleared for the approach to follow Glideslope down so we leveled off about 5500 feet and started a slow climb back to 6000 feet (now well above the Glideslope). the approach controller then confirmed we were cleared Instrument Landing System runway 4R approach so we REINTERCEPTED Glideslope and landed uneventfully. supplemental information from ACN 395320: our descent was initiated using the Glideslope as a reference. particular attention was paid to aircraft spacing as there were numerous aircraft on the extended final to runway 4R. our altitude deviation 'may' have occurred as we continued along the Glideslope below 6000 feet Mean Sea Level. we received clearance for the Instrument Landing System moments after we descended below 6000 feet Mean Sea Level. we landed without incident or comment from the controller. this event focuses the requirement for vigilance even on a clear day with virtually no distractions in evidence. our desire to 'follow' the Glideslope and maintain spacing (Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II) was just enough to leave the crew wondering about the possible deviation,Preoccupation
396196,UPON starting takeoff roll on runway 3C in DTW; I noticed an SF340 down-field who appeared to be going to cross runway at taxiway Fahrenheit. I immediately called abort takeoff and did so promptly. aircraft attained a speed of about 40 Knots and we rolled about 300-400 feet down runway. Air Traffic Control also noticed and called for us to stop after we started our abort. taxiway Fahrenheit is about 1500 feet down runway. we stopped the aircraft with still about 1000 feet to the intersection. we might not have had takeoff clearance. runway 3C is the main takeoff runway at DTW; also the most crossed. supplemental information from ACN 396062: as First Officer; Pilot Flying; we were taxiing for takeoff on runway 3C. the Captain called for the before takeoff checklist. while doing the First Officer flow; I encountered some problems with the INTERPHONE. this slowed the completion of the before takeoff check and the tower clearance came while I was in the process of the before takeoff check completion. the Captain answered the tower clearance; I completed the checklist and we taxied onto runway 3C for takeoff. as the Captain aligned the aircraft for takeoff on the CTRLINE; he XFERRED aircraft control to me. at approximately 1.7 EPR; 30 Knots and 200 feet into our takeoff roll; the Captain took control of the aircraft and aborted the takeoff. as I looked up from the instrument panel; I saw an SF340 aircraft crossing runway 3C at taxiway Fahrenheit,Resource Deficiency
396650,DURING CLBOUT after takeoff from BWI we received a clearance to turn to 350 degree heading and intercept J518 along with a frequency change and a handoff to a new controller. after checking in with the new controller; the new controller asked what our heading was. we replied 350 degree to intercept the airway. the controller responded; make it 360 degree. we read back 360 degree and turned to 360 degree. a few minutes later we turned to intercept J518 and a short time thereafter the controller asked what our heading was. we said we were turning W to intercept the airway. the controller then cleared us back to a 360 degree heading and said he had not wanted us to intercept J518 but rather had wanted us to maintain our original 360 degree heading. I don't believe there was any traffic conflict but somewhere there was a MISCOM. we believed we were on a 360 degree heading to intercept J518 and the controller thought we were simply on a 360 degree heading and not going to intercept the airway. we did not think to clarify the clearance because we believed we were doing exactly what the controller had cleared us to do,Communication Environment;Pressure
398066,TAKING off IAD airport. approximately time XA31. we got vectors to join J149. the controllers changed our vectors 3 times to join J149 -- heading 300 degree to join; then 310 degree to join; and finally 330 degree to join. we were climbing through 6000-7000 feet when we got our last vector. I turned the heading bug to 330 degree (we were on Auto-Pilot) with intentions of pressing the navigate button to capture the radial. when we rolled out on the 330 degree heading; my attention got diverted to something else; so I never pressed the navigate button. within approximately 30-40 seconds; we had gone through the radial; J149; that we were supposed to capture. neither the Captain nor I saw this. then the departure controller for IAD came on and alerted us that we had gone through the airway and told us to turn to a 260 degree heading to rejoin and to increase our rate of climb. just then; the controller told an air carrier Y jet to increase their descent. no mention was made that the 2 airplanes were getting close. the controller just said to take these actions. we did get an amber Traffic Advisory alert and our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II did show the air carrier Y jet within 4-5-6 mile of us. we had to go off Auto-Pilot to turn enough (increase bank); so we could better avoid anything more serious from happening. nothing more was said and we were switched to the next controller. the big thing that contributed to this situation was the crew'S attention being diverted away from the flying at hand and not checking each other'S actions -- especially in a busy class B area. between the controller alerting us; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II; and our quick corrective actions helped make this event nothing major. maybe relying on the Auto-Pilot too much also might have been a contributing factor,Communication Environment;Preoccupation
398209,WORKING flight from pit climbing through 10000 feet; smoke alarm sounded intermittently. Federal Aviation Administration jump SEATER on jump seat. flight attendant confirmed no smoke; fire or heat. trash can was empty. we were in continuous light to moderate chop. instructed flight attendant to see if press-to-test was somehow stuck or pushed in partially. First Officer continued to fly the aircraft and we broke out of turbulence. the warning went silent and remained so for remaining flight to the destination. the passenger were given a normal briefing weather at destination; etc; and kept seat belt sign on due to the turbulence in the area. I elected to not make a blanket Public Address announcement as not everyone was aware of the event and I did not want to create unnecessary emotional stress. the flight attendant informed those individuals that made inquiries on a one-on-one basis and no one seemed alarmed,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
398438,I was training on radar talking with 15 aircraft; several being vectored on converging courses for approach; when the radios and LANDLINES at radar S quit; backup XMITTERS did not work. I was able to regain radio communication shortly after at another radar position. I was told later that radar S 'shorts out every so often.,Resource Deficiency
398470,I was the Pilot Flying; departing BDR for BWI. we were initially cleared to 2000 feet with a turn to the E on departure. after checking on to new york departure; we were cleared to 3000 feet Mean Sea Level. we made the standard '1000 feet to LEVELOFF' calls leaving 2000 feet for 3000 feet; but in the meantime a mildly distracting event occurred (an UNIDENTED master caution ANNUNCIATOR flickered; but went out); as I was leveling at 3000 feet. I allowed the aircraft to inadvertently climb 200 feet above our 3000 feet altitude; and when I realized this I recovered the climb and returned to 3000 feet; but not before reaching 3300 feet Mean Sea Level. it was a humbling lesson to realize that I could be distraction enough to allow this to happen. I have relearned a basic lesson in that one person must always be the Pilot Flying at all times,Preoccupation
398589,RWY 22R takeoff from EWR with an arthur kill 2 departure and lanna transition. departure calls for 2 quick turns; a maximum crossing altitude; and either 260 degree heading for vectors or a 260 degree heading to intercept the SBJ 100 degree radial; inbound. First Officer flying. we missed our turn to the SBJ 100 degree radial and continued to 260 degree heading. human performance considerations: the day started early and we were both tired. the complexity of the departure suggested that after several turns we had 'done enough.' the depiction showed arrows going both ways; 1 for the continued heading and 1 diverging from it for our transition. in retrospect; it is CLRLY marked. departure control noticed our error and cleared us direct SBJ. such complex departures should be (is not) included in the aircraft Flight Management System database,Physical Factors
398890,AT 10000 feet Mean Sea Level over ogden VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; cleared for visual runway 16R; told to cross SANND at 8000 feet. Distance Measuring Equipment was Out Of Service; which was necessary to identify SANND. we did not catch that; and mistakenly used the Distance Measuring Equipment off of the SLC VOR and TACAN (Co-Located). left the 8000 feet altitude after 14.1 Distance Measuring Equipment off the SLC VOR and TACAN (Co-Located); approximately 2.5 Distance Measuring Equipment early. Air Traffic Control warned us; we stopped the descent and climbed up; then figured out our error and proceeded to fly the correct descent profile. during the approach; we were also looking for cessna caravan traffic. no conflict with traffic; approach normal after described event. supplemental information from ACN 398897: the runway 16R localizer Distance Measuring Equipment was inoperative (no Notice To Airmen). approach queried us about the SANND crossing restrict and also advised that we had gone below the floor of class B airspace. contributing factors: traffic distraction; our failure to recognize loss of Distance Measuring Equipment on localizer; mistaken use of SLC Distance Measuring Equipment for intersection position,Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
398989,I figured I could easily avoid thunderstorms using my radar to skirt them and I had plenty of fuel for a slow flight back home. I was unaware that the infamous sneaky pilot disease called get HOMEITIS was nibbling at my brain. at the airport; I checked the computerized DOPPLER radar service again and was pleasantly surprised to see that my planned route over tucson was completely clear of any radar echoes. aha; I thought; just like I predicted last night. those Federal Aviation Administration weather BRIEFERS are just too conservative. I made this mental observation even though through the W window I could distinctly see dark clouds in the near distance. it never dawned on me to question the clear picture I saw on the screen; which neither jibed with the early morning weather briefing nor with what I saw out the window. I was primed to go home. and I saw only what I wanted to see and what I expected to see. get HOMEITIS had devoured the rest of my brain cells. I took off to the NW and was soon climbing through cloud layers to my assigned altitude of 14000 feet. a level 2 thunderstorm cell painted my STRIKEFINDER 50 mile away on my route and the controller vectored me to the n around the weather. climbing through 9000 feet; I started picking up light rime ice. at the same time; I started to get a certain gut feeling that hinted at the fact that maybe; just maybe my decision to launch was not wise. around 12000 feet; I was in solid clouds; ice accumulation had substantially increased. I was thinking much more seriously about calling the controller and asking for the proverbial 180 degree turn. in fact; I was reaching for the microphone button to make the call for retreat when I was startled by white stuff splashing onto my windshield by the bucket-load. 'freezing rain!' was my immediate blood-curdling thought. never had I seen anything like this before in my limited winter flying experience -- and I panicked. in my mind'S eye; I saw the airplane instantly iced up and falling out of the sky like an ice brick! no time to tell the controller about my predicament. I had to get out of there immediately. in a panic; I thoughtlessly disconnected the Auto-Pilot and put the airplane into a 45 degree bank; without concentrating on my instrument scan. instantly; I got vertigo; lost control of the airplane; and watched in disbelief and bewildered amazement as the altimeter wound down rapidly and the attitude indicator tumbled into an unfamiliar zone; one I could not decipher. in a split second; I was thrown into a deep unusual attitude in the clouds. I DIDN't have a clue whether I was right side up or upside down. a shrieking noise filled the cockpit. I could not believe this was happening to me. a whole terrifying sequence of events raced through my mind; like scenes in an airplane disaster movie. although it probably took only a few seconds; it seemed like an eternity before I instinctively slammed back the throttles to idle and lowered the landing gear. all of a sudden; the terrible shrieking sound of the wind entering the cockpit stopped; and I felt like a skydiver whose parachute had just opened. I had a weird and wonderful feeling of peacefully floating through the air. when I woke from this temporary dream-like stupor and began to concentrate on the instruments; I was able to regain control of the airplane. I was at 9000 feet; terrain some 4000 feet below was visible through the broken clouds. the controller (who probably had watched my fall on radar) asked me if I was ok. then he helped me return to el PASO in visual conditions. when I got back to the Fixed-Base Operator'S flight planning room; I noticed the radar computer placard said 'inoperative.' I wondered if that was there before I left; or if it had been placed there after I took off. I slowly walked outside where rain and hail had begun to pelt the ground -- and gratefully boarded the shuttle van back to the hotel. I hope I have learned my 'fatality- free' lesson well. I know I am now much better aware of my own limitations,Attitude;Familiarity;Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
399289,OUR B757 aircraft was on left downwind for Instrument Landing System runway 10 at BWI at 4000 feet. cessna aircraft was on converging vector at 3000 feet assigned. cessna aircraft was observed in a climb Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Traffic Advisory until aircraft target became a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory. our B757 had to make an abrupt (4000 Feet Per Minute) climb to 5400 feet Mean Sea Level to escape cessna. cessna did not maintain his assigned altitude. supplemental information from ACN 398962: responded to Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory warning. took evasive action and climbed. (performed as trained.) supplemental information from ACN 398967: was given 330 degree vector; descent/maintain 3000 feet. upon reaching 3000 feet; I encountered heavy rain; very dark clouds (needed cockpit lighting on); moderate turbulence and occasional lightning. after attempting to slow from cruise 150 Knots I encountered possible MICROBURST updraft of 1500-2000 Feet Per Minute (VSI pegged up). I lowered landing gear and extended 10 degree flaps and pitched nose down severely to counter the increase in altitude. controller queried me shortly after; 'confirm altitude 3000 feet.' I read back; 'altitude 3800 feet.' I was unaware that a B757 was at 4000 feet on SW heading. apparently his Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave him an Resolution Advisory that he responded to with a 4000 Feet Per Minute climb to avoid the conflict. Air Traffic Control advised me on frequency of the near miss then cleared me for approach. at this time I experienced a severe downdraft; applied full power; slowly eliminated flaps attempting to maintain altitude. at best; for the next several minutes; I was only able to maintain 50-100 Feet Per Minute descent while attempting to maintain altitude. I feel that I flew through a MICROBURST; experiencing heavy updraft followed by severe downdraft,Other;Physical Environment
399723,RECEIVED aircraft in abe with the Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System screen blank. consulted Minimum Equipment List and determined we could go with it inoperative and write it up in abe. we (Captain and myself) also observed we had no Distance Measuring Equipment signal; which we attributed to the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range being NOTAMED off the air. once airborne it was apparent that we had; in fact; lost both Distance Measuring Equipment receivers. we also observed the oil temperature gauge go to full cold off scale and the chime system circuit breaker popped. (we were informed that the chime system was inoperative by the flight attendants.) we contacted maintenance control and were subsequently delayed for +8 hours in Mountain Daylight Time. it is my opinion that a bad power source in abe or a bad GCU in aircraft (had history of electrical problems) caused these failures. the lesson to be learned here is that one must exercise vigilance when dealing with multiple failures of unrelated components and keep the #1 priority in focus: 'fly the aircraft first.' callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the aircraft was a B737-200 and when the PREFLT check started in the morning several systems were inoperative. the RPTR said the following systems were inoperative: cabin call chime; both Distance Measuring Equipment systems; and one engine oil temperature indicator. the RPTR stated the station ground power unit was suspected of not supplying quality power and the above items were deferred. the RPTR said at the next station the maintenance controller; when advised of the inoperative systems; stopped the aircraft for a positive fix. the RPTR stated the fix was the replacement of the oil temperature indicator; both Distance Measuring Equipment units; and a call chime. the RPTR said a report was sent to the overnight station for an electrical check of the ground power unit used on the aircraft,Resource Deficiency
400176,DEN operations was advised that our flight was inbound from sheridan and gillette; WY -- both UNSECURED airports. on arrival at the ramp; we were assigned a gate. this gate was occupied so operations told us to hold our position and they would send somebody out to park us. after approximately 2 minutes; a RAMPER appeared at an adjacent gate and waved us in. Captain asked me to advise passenger to remain seated until the fasten SEATBELT sign was off. while I was off the frequency; he verified our gate assignment twice via radio communication with ramp operations. aircraft was parked and passenger released into concourse at den. only later did I find out that the gate used a 'secured' gate. UNSCREENED passenger and baggage had contaminated den. all of this concourse'S FLTS and air carrier'S FLTS had to return; deplane; and all passenger and employees had to be RESCREENED at den. our concourse was locked down and secured by airport police. this was my first day on the line after completion of Initial Operating Experience. I was totally unfamiliar with den layout and security procedures and was unaware of the difference between the gate assigned and gate used. the Captain was familiar with this operation; but was satisfied after checking twice with operations that they had a plan in place for these passenger and their baggage. this was the first day of the transition between my company and another'S operation of the den system. our airplanes and crew are wet-leased to the other operation which provides all ground support. for many of the ground people it was their first day and they too had not received thorough training on the differences between secured and UNSECURED FLTS. the result was an almost complete shutdown of den for 4 hours. all of this was; in my opinion; a result in the breakdown of communications and a lack of supervision of ground operations. the regional airline operation is very fast paced; especially with 10 and 15 minute turn times of aircraft. all employees are hurried to park; deplane; enplane; and depart as soon as possible. sits like this one will continue to occur as longitude as some airports are UNSECURED. our company is adding a line to our dispatch/release that must be signed by Captain and ground personnel stating aircraft is secure/UNSECURE. ground operations will retrain and RERAMP inbound/outbound aircraft designation and communication system,Communication Environment;Familiarity;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
400630,I should have stopped and asked for further taxi instructions. ground controller should have given me detailed taxi instructions and observed my holding on taxiway B at taxiway k. occurrence: I received clearance from clearance delivery to expect runway 25. I received a clearance to taxi to runway 25 from ground control. on taxiing out from an Fixed-Base Operator on the se end of SBA; I entered taxiway B and taxied to the cones closing taxiway B at taxiway k. since I had clearance to runway 25; I knew that this would include crossing runways; etc; but since runway 15L was also an active runway I concluded that I was to taxi via taxiway k and across the ramp to taxiway a to arrive at the approach end of runway 25. while in the ramp area; ground control stated that I had entered a restrict area and then paused and stated disregard and I continued my taxiing to taxiway a and to runway 25. at no time was anyone endangered and I thought that the restrict area was for vehicles and people and did not pertain to taxiing of aircraft,Proficiency
400667,I was in the pilot lounge on reserve waiting to be called out on a trip. when the call came; I was supposed to taxi an aircraft from the gate to the hangar and then taxi another aircraft from the hangar to the gate. upon arrival back at the gate; I met a different Captain; one I had never flown with; and we were assigned to fly to MEM and back. one of the first things out of his mouth was 'what the...took you so longitude at the hangar?' I thought it had taken about the usual amount of time and really did not know what to say. then; prior to taxi; I noticed a display cool caution message and brought it to the Captain'S attention. he said that it was a 'pilot induced item.' he had purposely turned off the ground cooling fan for the 6 Cathode Ray Tube displays because it was 'too noisy.' he then commented that if the displays began to automatically shut down then he would turn the fan back on adding the remark; 'WOULDN't maintenance love me.' we then proceeded to taxi without headsets using the aircraft speaker instead. after departure; about the time we were issued a clearance to climb above FL180; the Captain leaned his seat back; slumped down; put his head in his right hand; closed his eyes and said; 'I hope you don't mind if I just take a nap.' I no doubt should have said something about how I would really appreciate it if he would stay awake; but I DIDN't and he appeared to doze right off. (he later told me that he had awoken at XX00 am to get his family and himself back on the only available flight from ORL where they had been vacationing for the previous few days.) another thing I should have done was tell him at some point about how I had only been with the company 10 months and had only about 170 hours in the airplane. usually this is part of the ACM/crew briefing. but I DIDN't believe that he was all that interested in knowing about my status. so there I was doing single-pilot and all the radios and radar and Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II; etc. as we began initial descent on the WLDER one arrival; I saw some boiling buildups ahead and requested to deviate. Air Traffic Control authority/authorized deviations to the right of course and cleared me direct MEM when able with the descent at my discretion. I turned on the seat belt sign; monitored the need for anti-ice; and used the radar and Flight Management System to start down and around toward MEM. this is when I should have woken up the Captain; but I DIDN't because I thought I had everything under control. but as I entered Instrument Meteorological Conditions and approach began to issue further DSCNTS and assigned the approach to expect; my workload increased drastically. the Captain stirred and I told him that I 'could use some help.' we had been cruising at about 310 Knots Indicated Airspeed at 10000 feet when Air Traffic Control cleared me to rejoin 'the radial' which I interpreted to mean the WLDER one arrival radial. luckily I had not cleared the arrival and typed in direct MEM as previously cleared because I would not have had the time to reprogram the arrival back into the Flight Management System. at the same time I was told to REINTERCEPT 'the radial;' I was cleared out of 10000 feet a second time. this had to be repeated because I was still flying and working the radio and became saturated and missed/did not hear the altitude assignment. given the sudden increase in workload; I told the Auto-Pilot to descend and about 5 seconds later realized I was still faster than 250 Knots Indicated Airspeed. so; I disengaged the Auto-Pilot and slowed to 250 Knots Indicated Airspeed at 9800 feet before continuing descent. about this time; the flight management system came upon the last fix on the arrival (clark) and with the Auto-Pilot now re-engaged began to turn to a 175 degree heading. I looked at the Flight Management System picture and saw no fix in the direction we had turned and asked the Captain; who had just gotten Automatic Terminal Information Service; 'where is it taking me?' he replied that he DIDN't know but 'don't let it take you there.' so I clicked off the Auto-Pilot and leveled the wings. about then both the Captain and Air Traffic Control told me to turn left to the 175 degree heading. as it turned out; the heading was published on the arrival for vectors to the final approach course. so I turned and we hurried through the rest of the CHKLISTS and landed. next time I will discuss my experience level and in my opinion there should be no sleeping and certainly not once descending below FL180,Attitude;Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Proficiency;Taskload
401084,LNDG on runway 35 at ETN; TX. tower is very close to runway 35 and is a factor on landing and takeoffs on runway 17. turn out to the E I feel could be a factor on landing runway 35 if a strong cross wind existed. and could be a major factor in turn out to E on takeoff on runway 17,Resource Deficiency
401115,WE were scheduled to depart CVG for aup at XA10. our aircraft was having the main landing gear bay overheat sensor replaced and we departed 63 minutes late. after maintenance was completed I conducted my WALKAROUND and noticed no irregularities. there were 3 gear pin flags on the holders on the flight deck bulkhead. start and taxi were normal. on takeoff when gear were selected up the nose gear retracted and the mains remained down. we selected the gear handle down and got 3 green indicators. we switched to departure and informed them of the problem (after informing tower and telling them that we needed to remain in the local area). while being vectored to burn down to maximum landing weight we informed the passenger and company. upon reaching maximum landing weight we made an uneventful approach and landing. after landing we discovered that the aircraft had flown a revenue flight from GSP to CVG with the main gear pinned because the main landing gear bay overheat system would not test. the flags were removed from the gear pins and placed in the holders in the cockpit. there was no maintenance write-up to indicate the aircraft had been flown with the gear pinned. the MECHS who replaced the warning element were not aware of the gear pins being installed and neither were we. without the flags on the gear pins; it is nearly impossible to tell that they are installed. obviously; this incident was completely avoidable had the proper maintenance procedures been followed. I share a portion of the blame for not looking closely during my PREFLT,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
401572,THE oklahoma city radar site is inadequate and creates safety problems. unreliable target hits; misleading speed changes; target jumps; and split beacons are commonplace. on may/XX/98 at YY50 I was working the MLC high sector radar position. I observed air carrier #1 and air carrier #2 both change speeds up to 80 Knots on 5 consecutive radar hits beginning at sort box #1. split beacons were observed at sort boxes #2 and #3. this is an everyday occurrence. I filed an unsafe condition report (the second I've filed on this problem) on may/XX/98. the OKC radar is unsafe. the last UCR I filed (about 2 YRS ago) supposedly addressed the problem but little change occurred. this problem also affects the decode high sector at ZFW. either the OKC radar must be fixed or a new site built. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: analyst asked RPTR what response was received on the first UCR filed 2 YRS earlier regarding the OKC radar site. RPTR stated that maintenance personnel went to the site and supposedly fixed the problem. RPTR said no change was noticed and that the problems with the equipment still exist. RPTR has filed a second UCR citing the same discrepancies. RPTR also commented that other controllers have said the problems have existed for 10-15 YRS. RPTR claims the area between the oklahoma and texarkana sites is where most of the problems frequently occur. these 2 sites are approximately 400 mile apart according to the RPTR. this analyst asked if the fringe area between the 2 site locations might be an area of poor radar coverage and would another site help solve the problem. the RPTR said it would definitely improve the coverage. this analyst suggested the RPTR provide his supervisor information that could be used to find a solution to improve the radar. the RPTR said he would talk to his union representative and try to get something started,Resource Deficiency
402907,ATC advised us of moderate turbulence in the descent from FL200 to 12000 feet Mean Sea Level. we advised the flight attendant to be seated and secure all the carts. approximately 5 minutes later we hit a jolt of moderate turbulence passing 13000 feet Mean Sea Level. 5 minutes later the flight attendant in charge came forward and told us that she and a small child were knocked to the floor. we asked for priority handling and made a non eventful approach into PDX. we then learned at the gate that 5 flight attendants had been up in the aft galley and all would require medical assistance. paramedics met the aircraft. no passenger were injured because of turbulence. little boy was up because father had let him run the aisles when the seat belt sign was on. he fell and cut his head. the flight attendants in the aft cabin were assisting him and the father. that is why they were standing in the aft galley area. a jump seat flight attendant was displaced from her seat by the flight attendant in charge to accommodate this baby and passenger. report was filled out. logbook entries were made,Physical Environment
403000,I pulled up to the RUNUP area at A1; turning into the wind and locking the TAILWHEEL for the RUNUP. I noticed the sign when I approached the area. after the turn; however; it was hidden by the cowl and associated aircraft structure. the airplane would turn only slightly to the left. I thought that I had enough room to clear the sign; but in fact struck it with the propeller. on further investigation; I think the TAILWHEEL did not release due to a side load on the locking pin. after exiting the aircraft I examined the TAILWHEEL. it appeared to be held straight even though the cockpit release was out (unlocked),Resource Deficiency
403262,I work line maintenance for air carrier. on may/XA/98 I was told that aircraft XYZ had caution light panel problems. maintenance control gave me a class control number for a new caution panel in parts room. I was told to go to the gate at XX35 and remove and replace it. the aircraft had a down time of only 20 minutes; so I had to work fast. when the plane arrived; I looked at the logbook and there was no open write-up; so I made the write-up that the caution panel needed to be replaced. once I installed the new caution panel; I started to remove the old caution panel modules one by one and install them on the new panel. when I got to module #9; I noticed the pins that hold it in place were broken. so instead of ignoring the problem like the mechanic before me by duct taping it in; I looked at the part number on it and called maintenance control to order me a new module. when I received the new part; I looked at the ROTATABLE tag to make sure the part numbers matched; installed the module on the caution panel; and made sure the lights worked. I finished the job; signed off the jobs 1) installing the panel and 2) installing the module. on may/XB/98; it was brought to my attention by quality control that I installed the wrong module. the one I installed had a blank filter; but should have had a caution light for the #2 hydraulic isolation valve. I found the old part and ROTATABLE tag and showed them to my chief inspector. the part I removed had the PRE-mod part number; but should have had the post mod number. I felt I did my job correctly. on the line you don't have time to go to the shop and look up part numbers. I relied on the part number that came off the old caution light module; and it fit correctly. if I had any reason to doubt that I was doing something wrong; I would have stopped what I was doing. the company has to disclose to the Federal Aviation Administration the situation,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
403371,I was transitioning through las airspace; level at 10500 feet Mean Sea Level; on an approximately heading of 280 degree; SSW of the field. Air Traffic Control notified me of a climbing traffic off my right wing and was told he was cleared to 10000 feet. I RPTED I had the traffic in sight -- it was a B737. he started to turn towards me; still in a climb and was closing on me with an impressive speed on a perfect collision course. he was supposed to level below. at this point; I turned on my smoke system hoping he would notice me (see and be seen?) still at 10500 feet. at this point; he appeared to continue to climb after flying through his assigned altitude. I had no choice at this time to take evasive action and to push down hard and make a right turn (not being able to OUTCLB or outrun a B737); to avoid a possible collision. it was my only option. it seems that he finally saw me; and continued to climb; and he RPTED that I was at 10000 feet; and dove right in front of him. as soon as I leveled off back at 10500 feet; I requested an altitude check and Air Traffic Control had me at 10600 feet. Air Traffic Control asked me why I DIDN't report my altitude change. my reply was obvious -- there was no time; I was busy trying to avoid a B737. I DIDN't lose sight of the traffic from the time it was RPTED to me. I went by one of the most important safety rules -- see and avoid. and if he would have been where he was supposed to be; it would have been suicidal for me to dive from 10500 feet to go underneath him. the crew of the B737 was probably busy in their cockpit and failed to look out and missed their assigned altitude. maybe if Air Traffic Control would have given us more vertical separation; this might not have happened,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
403670,DSCNT into STL; receiving multiple heading changes; large speed changes; and altitude CLRNCS; with a 110 degree intercept to LDA localizer 30L. then a clearance to end of runway 30L while receiving multiple questions to look for traffic off right side; deviated from 3500 feet and below; approach said to level and left turn for vector and complied. came around and landed. many large speed changes; large heading changes and what we considered unfamiliar clearance with a large intercept angle along with traffic CALLOUTS on right side with First Officer flying all contributed to the altitude deviation from an overload. no evasive action required,Familiarity;Taskload
403790,I took off from bfi at approximately XA30 local for a return flight to ORS (80 mile n); having had some upholstery work done on my mooney mite. this very small (gross weight 850 pounds) plane has a manual gear retraction lever that must engage into a slot in the cabin in order to keep the gear locked in the 'up' or in the 'down' position. on takeoff while just a few hundred feet up; I realized that the gear lever did not want to fully retract. I informed the control tower that I wanted to stay in the pattern and land. there was no emergency because the gear handle would stay in the down and locked position. on final I asked to land 'longitude' on runway 31L; a 10000 feet longitude runway; because the hangar I needed to go to was 3/4 of the way down the runway on the right-hand side. I believe I mentioned that I was going to the hangar as an explanation for landing so Federal Aviation Regulation down the runway. this was approved because there was minimum traffic at that moment. when I landed I was instructed to exit at taxiway A2; which is immediately adjacent to the Fixed-Base Operator hangar. there are 2 parallel runways; runway 31L and runway 31R. runway 31R is a 3700 feet runway; and extends from a point between taxiway A7 and taxiway A8 on the S end to perhaps 100 feet short of taxiway A2 on the n end. taxiway A2 goes from runway 31L to taxiway a; the n/S main taxiway; and is part of a RUNUP area to the n of runway 31R. in a phone call I have received from the Federal Aviation Administration it is alleged that I violated tower instructions because I had not been 'cleared to 'cross runway 31R' and; further; because I did not get ground control permission to taxi across taxiway a to the Fixed-Base Operator hangar. crossing runway 31R: I do not recall receiving instructions to exit at taxiway A2 and hold short of runway 31R; as the Federal Aviation Administration is now alleging. since the airport diagram CLRLY shows the runway as not extending as Federal Aviation Regulation n as taxiway A2; there is nothing that would have alerted me to the need to stop immediately after exiting runway 31L. having been flying for 43 YRS I am extremely conscious of runway incursion problems. to the extent that the tower wanted me to immediately stop after exiting runway 31L on taxiway A2; I believe my failure to do so is the result of a tower communications failure. it would not have been normal or expected that I would be so instructed. and; since there was no runway to cross; the instructions should have been something other than 'hold short of runway 31R.' since I have not heard the tapes of the actual conversation; I do not know what the tower said or DIDN't say. it is possible that the Federal Aviation Administration phone call of this alleged incident is in error; and the Federal Aviation Administration inspector has not looked at the airport diagram to see that I could not have crossed runway 31R. taxiing across taxiway a without a clearance: at the point taxiway A2 meets taxiway a; my destination hangar is immediately across and on the other side of taxiway a. I apparently did not call ground control for clearance across taxiway a; and; if so; this is CLRLY a failure on my part. contributing to this alleged oversight are 3 factors: 1) I was somewhat distraction by the landing gear problem. while not an emergency; I was obviously concerned. 2) the proximity of my destination hangar; perhaps 100 feet away from where I should have called; and the fact that it was mid day with little or no ground traffic at that moment probably caused me to forget to get clearance across the taxiway. finally; contributing to this situation is the awkwardness of changing frequencies on my communication radio. to change frequencies; the pilot has to change each of the digits on the radio by repetitively pushing a button beside each digit that needs to be changed. there is no Flight Information Publication/flop feature. none of these factors; of course; are a valid excuse for not calling ground control,Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
404040,DURING departure climb; air carrier x was cleared from 10000 feet to 12000 feet. it was a hectic time during departure. normally departure control acknowledges our takeoff by 2500 feet Mean Sea Level but this time they did not acknowledge until approximately 4000 feet Mean Sea Level. controller was busy with bad weather; several aircraft requesting weather avoidance vectors; and an air carrier Y flight that had trouble understanding instructions. during the climb to 12000 feet Mean Sea Level; I queried the controller about what sounded like a further clearance to 14000 feet Mean Sea Level. departure said we were not cleared to 14000 feet Mean Sea Level and should return to 10000 feet Mean Sea Level(?). we immediately complied and returned out of 11000 feet to 10000 feet Mean Sea Level. later; after being RECLRED to 14000 feet Mean Sea Level; and before leaving the frequency; and after the Captain asked for clarification as to what had happened earlier; the new controller (there was a controller change after the confusion) explained the weather and heavy traffic may have caused some confusion and that; anyway; there had been no danger and therefore 'no problem' with the altitude changes on departure. remainder of departure and flight were uneventful,Other;Physical Environment;Taskload
404191,THE tower at IXD has Automated Surface Observation System as their primary weather tool. when the Automated Surface Observation System at IXD changes; the tower is to call MCI with the new weather. IXD does not call if they think Automated Surface Observation System is wrong. we have 1 weather and Automated Surface Observation System sends the other weather out to everyone else in the country. IXD will let Automated Surface Observation System put out SPECI over and over and not call MCI. the personnel at IXD say they are too busy and have no training. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that this is a contract tower and the personnel have never been trained on the Automated Surface Observation System equipment. when a SPECI comes in they cannot turn off the alarm. most of the time there is just one person in the tower performing all of the operations. if the weather starts to change rapidly they cannot keep up with the information. the augmentation procedures are time consuming and the controller does not have the time to keep up on all of the rapid changes. RPTR is at the approach facility and finds that he issuing visual CLRNCS and sending Visual Flight Rules pilots into Instrument Flight Rules conditions unknowingly or holding pilots during conditions which do not really require it. the Automated Surface Observation System have really increased the approach controller workload. there are 3 Automated Surface Observation System airports under this approach control facility and they are always behind on weather. RPTR has worked with this equipment and found the best technique was to augment/override the computer and then lock it up with the information so pilots would receive the correct weather report,Proficiency;Taskload
404440,CLBING to FL330. all of a sudden Air Traffic Control asks if we will meet altitude restrict (level FL330; 115 Nautical Mile se MEM). we were never given any altitude restrict. we are positive about that. Air Traffic Control says we were. they are wrong. Air Traffic Control turned us. we passed other aircraft 1000 feet and about 8 mile laterally,Resource Deficiency
404590,JUST after departure; I realized that we were filed for FL310 with 1 air conditioning pack placarded inoperative. maximum altitude for 1 pack operation is FL250. I requested FL240 as a final with ZME. at no time did we climb above FL240. I should have caught the error when I reviewed the flight plan prior to departure. due to the hotel van being 20 minutes late for pick up and a late inbound aircraft; I was rushed and did not catch the error. I will be more diligent in my review of the flight plan in the future; especially when I have an Minimum Equipment List'ed item. when I realized the error I asked dispatch for a new release via Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System. the difference in the fuel burn was 100 -- that'S 100 pounds. I also think that the flight plan computer should be programmed so that any Minimum Equipment List item that restricts an aircraft'S altitude will not allow dispatch to put in an altitude higher than the restrict,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
404940,LOCATION: ar-1. navigating on ar-1 using Nondirectional Radio Beacon. jax RPTED us off course approximately 15-20 mile off course. Nondirectional Radio Beacon was CTRED on course,
405092,POSSIBLE runway incursion: after landing on runway 23L aircraft was instructed to turn right at the end on taxiway B and remain on frequency; cleared to customs. to get to customs you must cross a parallel runway. upon crossing the runway I observed an aircraft that had just departed the parallel runway. about the time that I crossed the runway CTRLINE the departing aircraft passed overhead at about 200-250 feet of altitude. the tower told us that we were instructed to hold short. but neither my copilot who was flying at the time or myself heard the instructions. supplemental information from ACN 404720: I; an First Officer; was flying the airplane. I was still on a landing roll (80-100 Knots) when tower gave us instructions to taxi. as I was concentrating stopping the airplane; I was not paying enough attention to instructions given by the tower. the Captain and I both thought we were cleared to taxi all the way to the ramp; and did not hold short of the parallel runway. there were no other aircraft involved. with our attention been given to landing the airplane; we DIDN't properly acknowledge the clearance. supplemental information from ACN 404989: I had put a LEARJET into position on runway 27L and had a SABRELINER on final for runway 23L and several Instrument Flight Rules departures approaching runways 23L and 23R. knowing that I would not get the release for the LEARJET because of a cessna 5 mile WSW of the airport; I attempted to change the order of the Instrument Flight Rules departures. as the SABRELINER was completing his landing roll he stated that he needed to go to customs on the W ramp instead of his normal spot on the E ramp. so I gave him instructions to turn right on taxiway B and hold short of runway 23R; because I had cleared a C441 for takeoff on runway 23R. my supervisor then told me to have the SABRELINER remain this frequency for fear he might switch to ground control in-between the runways. I then started a scan around the airport. as I moved my scan around the airport the supervisor asked me if the SABRELINER was holding short. I then looked back at the SABRELINER to find him crossing the runway and the C441 150 feet airborne near mid-field. there was no time to take corrective action. I believe this incident was caused by the lack of the SABRELINER pilot to correctly acknowledge his hold short instructions; therefore it should be mandated in the airman'S information manual that all pilots repeat their hold short instructions verbatim so there is no confusion. additionally; the need to change the Instrument Flight Rules departure sequence in order to minimize the delays off the airport created distractions inside the tower Cabin Attendant. please note that this airport is very unique in that every runway we have intersects each other and we have very few TXWYS to the runways; so most of the time we must use runways to get to other runways,Attitude;Other
405593,CAPT received Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System clearance and programmed Flight Management System. First Officer does this more frequently. on return from exterior aircraft inspection by First Officer; Captain was having some difficulty establishing Distance Measuring Equipment for EWR departure. we resolved difficulty and established where we could read Instrument Landing System Distance Measuring Equipment for departure. Captain then thoroughly briefed EWR 6 departure and then we were into Air Traffic Control communication; taxiing; etc. while complying with EWR 6 departure; Air Traffic Control asked if we had turned to intercept the solberg radial (100 degree). we quickly made the turn; as he gave us a vector. further scrutiny on our part revealed our clearance for the new arthur kill 2 departure; not our previously always standard EWR 6. I believe the absorption with setting Distance Measuring Equipment allowed us to follow habit,Preoccupation
405599,ON taxi we were smelling fumes which the Captain claimed would go away after takeoff. it DIDN't. the fumes were very strong; burning our throats and chest. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that gasoline type fumes were brought to her attention on takeoff from passenger and cabin attendants and continued throughout the flight until landing. Flight Crew was informed and asked for priority landing at destination. RPTR and 2 other cabin attendants saw company nurse upon arrival and were sent to the hospital where they were treated with oxygen for 30 minutes and released. aircraft was taken Out Of Service,Resource Deficiency
405960,ON jun/XX/98; at approximately XX00 hours local time while Pilot In Command of a PA28-140 shortly after takeoff from CNO (chino) I lost radio communications and became so preoccupied with correcting the problem that I lost track of my exact location in relationship to RAL (riverside) class D airspace. the cause of the communications failure was rectified INFLT (it turned out the microphone jack had been kicked loose by a passenger) and communication was quickly established with RAL'S control tower. I had no set checklist for communications loss INFLT. I now realize that a checklist for communications failure should be part of every pilot'S assortment of CHKLISTS. I have now created a checklist for communications failure which includes circling while attempting to correct the problem (this will prevent airspace violations) and the checklist includes checking the microphone jack along with other procedures. I believe that; in the future; being prepared in advance will prevent airspace violations and will make me a better and safer pilot,Communication Environment;Preoccupation
406408,LOST the #2 engine during takeoff. there was a loud noise and the plane vibrated. we dumped fuel and returned to dallas. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that the Flight Crew informed the cabin attendants of the emergency shortly after takeoff. cabin attendants made passenger announcement and aircraft landed without incident. aircraft was taken Out Of Service. flight and original crew continued with replacement aircraft,Resource Deficiency
406792,FLT from bos-DCA. proceeding direct DCA from BILIT intersection. descended to 9000 feet with approach control. using LDA/Distance Measuring Equipment runway 18 approach at DCA. approximately 8-9 Distance Measuring Equipment from DCA VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; we were given a heading of 330 degree; basically a left downwind for the approach. as we started the turn it became obvious a small (thunderstorm) cell was directly on our course about 5 mile ahead. we requested a heading of 300 degree or 360 degree to avoid weather. the controller became agitated saying 'this heading is not for debate; turn left heading 260 degree to avoid the P56 prohibited area.' we were in a right standard rate turn (to 330 degree as assigned); so we immediately turned left to 260 degree as instructed. no further incidents occurred and we landed. we both (pilots) have landed at DCA hundreds of times and were well familiar with P56. the problem is approach when using runway 18 or runway 36 always brings aircraft from the E very close to the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range before issuing turns to avoid P56. there literally is no room for error; IE; a heading delay for weather. I've had blocked radio XMISSIONS at this point before and the controllers go berserk trying to get a heading to an aircraft. something must be done to remedy this 'critical point' and situation; bringing aircraft close to P56 and then relying on a last moment immediate turn to avoid P56. more airspace incursions will occur until additional separation is added for aircraft arriving from the E,Attitude;Physical Environment
407143,THE pilot requested clearance to destination. the flight plan read CSG...TIROE...FTY. I cleared him 'as filed.' he accepted this clearance. when I switched him to departure; the controller asked if he could navigate to TIROE since he had filed '/a.' the pilot replied 'I can come close; but no; I can't navigate direct.' this pilot either; 1) expected to go to the CSG VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and fly V241 to TIROE (in which case he should have filed that way); or 2) planned on dead reckoning while on an Instrument Flight Rules clearance (not acceptable). there seems to be a trend away from following the rules towards doing it the easy way. also; we need to rename off-airport VORS so that it is clear that they are planning to go there first. ours is 6 mile off the airport and a steady source of confusion. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that he believes the RPTR just did not plan well since he had only VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range equipment aboard and could not go direct. the more troubling problem is the offset of the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range location. when he clears someone direct to columbus he never knows if they will go direct to the airport or the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. he has several instances where pilots flew to the airport and turned to intercept the airway and found themselves wandering around before they became oriented. there is another VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; la grange; General Aviation; nearby which has the same problem of an airport IDENTIFIER but it is not located on the airport. he has asked when these will be changed and receives a nebulous reply that they are being changed one at a time. RPTR was advised of the hotline number,Other
407526,PAX was found unconscious but breathing; leaning over on her seat. another flight attendant and myself lowered her to the floor and she began to regain consciousness. we paged a doctor. the doctor wanted the passenger tested for TB. follow-up conversations with the company revealed that the ill passenger tested negative for TB. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that 2 doctors responded to the page and examined sick passenger. one doctor suspected TB because the passenger was traveling from HAITI. the passenger was clammy; sweaty and unconscious when cabin attendants found her. passenger was traveling with her daughter and granddaughter and estimated to be approximately 60 YRS old. the Flight Crew had paramedics meet aircraft and took passenger to the hospital where she was tested for TB. negative results were RPTED to the crew involved by the end of their return leg to mia,Other;Physical Factors
409328,ON final approach; when landing gear was lowered; the nose gear indicated unsafe. I complied with company operations manual procedures as the First Officer flew Air Traffic Control assigned vectors. First Officer attempted to visually confirm gear position through the viewing port under his left foot (as I flew the aircraft) and was unable to confirm a 'down' gear on the first attempt. I had him look again after discussing the visual gear indicator appearance and turning the aircraft to change the lighting angle. he was fairly certain he saw the indicators aligned this time. so we returned to DTW to land. I was talking to dispatch and maintenance this entire time. maintenance recommended we cycle the gear after the first visual inspection. I did not want to at that time as I knew it was hanging down and the gear doors were closed. (tower said it appeared down as we flew upwind and we could see ground through the viewing port.) we returned to DTW (with the crash gear standing by) for an uneventful landing. I declared an emergency because the First Officer was not 100% certain that he could see the 3 stripes CLRLY. the 'up lock' stripe on the side of the strut was what confused the First Officer. he saw it in addition to (and very near to) the down and locked stripes. our manual could show CLRER; more detail and accurate pictures of this,Other;Resource Deficiency
409485,FLT instructing lesson. we left at XA00. there is no fuel available that early in the morning. only had a 1/4 tank of gas. based on prior experience I figured we'D be able to do the lesson no problem on that fuel. now reconsidering I realize the error in this (1/4 tank equals 5 gals/fuel burn 6 GPH). I assumed flight would be less than 1 hour. we then got distracted with other events and the flight ran longitude. the engine began to sputter (the fuel warning light came on 10 seconds before this). I landed on a road that I knew had light traffic. no one was hurt; no property nor PLAnE was damaged. corrective actions: I ran though all the emergency procedures taught to me. the fuel gauge still read an 1/8 of a tank when we landed. the fuel warning light is not as useful as it could be since it provided you with limited warning. also in hindsight I had requested Instrument Flight Rules clearance for the aircraft which was not Instrument Flight Rules equipped (I forgot this fact at the time). we did not go in any clouds. this problem was purely a factor of me being too comfortable. I should have realized the stupidity of taking off with such limited fuel even though we were only going on a short flight. I should have also realized we were in the air for 1 hour and not trust the gauge. (I saw we had an 1/8 left and figured we had been in the air for 1 hour so we still had 1 hour left.,Attitude;Preoccupation
409731,WHILE taxiing for takeoff; another aircraft told ramp control smoke was coming from our aircraft. after visual verification; evacuate/evacuation was ordered. evacuate/evacuation checklist was completed; and aircraft was evacuated in 75 seconds. 98 passenger; 6 crew members. after aircraft was towed to gate (later in evening); MECHS boarded aircraft and changed CONFIGN,Resource Deficiency
411457,WHILE en route from CVG to CAE; we had a cargo smoke warning message and associated aural warnings. we immediately proceeded with the cargo smoke emergency checklist items and declared an emergency with Air Traffic Control. we determined that knoxville; TN; was our most suitable diversion point based on our distance and altitude as well as facilities available after landing to deal with a possible fire. we were given a direct clearance to TYS and a descent to 11000 feet. we told Air Traffic Control to have Crash Fire Rescue Equipment equipment out to meet us in knoxville and to advise our company of the emergency; and our point of diversion. we also; gave them the number of souls and fuel onboard. the flight attendant was told of the situation and given instructions to discontinue cabin service and prepare for an emergency evacuate/evacuation out the main cabin door after landing. I also told her that everything would be fine and that we had about 10 minutes to landing. then I made an announcement to the passenger and told them that the warning was gone; but we had declared an emergency and were diverting to knoxville. I assured them that we would be fine and not to worry. we were vectored to runway 23R and planned to pull off the runway at B3 where the Crash Fire Rescue Equipment equipment would be in position and ready. as we rolled onto B3; we requested a wind check and pointed the nose into the wind; before coming to a stop. I began the emergency evacuate/evacuation checklist and using the Public Address system advised the passenger that we needed to evacuate/evacuation aircraft and told them to leave their luggage behind and just get up and walk to the main cabin door and exit to assemble at a distant area in front of the aircraft as directed by the First Officer and firemen. once the checklist was complete and all passenger were safely off the aircraft; I exited and consulted with Crash Fire Rescue Equipment personnel; airport officials and air carrier x station personnel. the aircraft personnel were told of possible halon gas in the cargo area prior to opening the door. they inspected the area and found no evidence of fire or smoke damage. maintenance later inspected the cargo area as well as the detection and extinguishing system. they also saw no evidence of fire and it was determined that the warning was false. the detection and extinguishing system were written up in the maintenance log and deferred by maintenance. with this deferral; no baggage is permitted to be carried in the cargo area. we continued from this point to operate as a revenue flight and passenger checked bags were sent on a later flight. they were permitted to bring one carry-on bag onboard as longitude as it met the size criteria laid out by our operations manual. we received a new dispatch release for this flight and the Minimum Equipment List items for the cargo smoke detection and extinguishing system were not listed. our operations manual requires CDL/Minimum Equipment List items to be listed on the release if there is a flight restrict. a flight restrict is something that affects the way we fly the airplane such as an AIRSPD; weight or altitude restrict. therefore; I saw no problem with that information being absent from the release. as I write this report; the Federal Aviation Administration may be disputing this interpretation with air carrier x. we continued to CAE without further incident,Resource Deficiency
411918,ACFT #1; las-IAD; called on requesting FL370 (from FL330). I climbed him without seeing aircraft #2; day-oak; at FL350. at the time of the incident I was moderately busy attempting to separate two other jets just E of descend MOINES; approximately 150 mile W of where the error occurred. my scan was not quick enough to cover the entire 200 mile width of my sector in time to stop the incident. I first became aware of the error through the conflict alert system. I turned the aircraft #1 to a 180 degree heading and stopped his climb at FL340. I turned the aircraft #2 to a 360 degree heading and issued traffic. I believe a large contributing factor to the error was the RESECTORIZATION of airspace which occurred last week. I also believe we can expect similar problems until staffing increases permit more help at our sectors,Other
412324,FLC arrived in ATL at XX05 local with a scheduled departure of XX50 local to CAK. in range to ATL the crew had been advised by operations that the aircraft we were in would turn and go to CAK. on and in times were passed to operations on arrival with no indication of an aircraft change. POSTFLT checklist was completed. we had no maintenance write-ups so I proceeded to get the First Officer and myself something to Expected Approach Time since we had checked in very early. upon arriving back; the flight attendant advised me that we had just received a last minute aircraft swap from dispatch. the First Officer and myself packed up our flight bags for the hike down to our new departure gate for a new aircraft PREFLT and weight and balance. departure dispatch papers were reviewed and I signed for 23000 pounds of fuel. the manual weight and balance was started; then the before start engine checklist was read by First Officer and answered by me. when we got to the item on fuel quantity on the checklist I looked at the gauges; added 9+9 in wing tanks = 18 plus 5.4 in center = 23400. we both made a comment to the fact that we had 400 pounds over required dispatch fuel. on engine start we looked at the gauges again and came up with 23400 pounds. normal engine start followed the completion of the manual weight and balance and gate departure noted as XY00. with no one in front of us on taxi out we were airborne at XY10. First Officer was flying and at 4000 feet in preparation for the climb checklist; knowing I had center tank fuel; reached up to turn the pump switch on; only to see no fuel in center tank -- zero. further scan only showed 5000 pounds in each wing tank. we DIDN't indicate any fuel abnormal. we did have erratic pressurization control. I immediately picked up the microphone and advised departure that we needed to return and land back in ATL. with no one else in the pattern we were again on the ground in less than 10 minutes. during taxi back in; still in a state of disbelief; I began to try to analyze what had occurred. we both had looked at the fuel gauges and thought in our mind'S eye that we were looking at center tank fuel when in fact we must have been looking at the wing gauge. it was reading 5400 pounds. we saw what we wanted to see 9+9 = 18 + 5.4 = 23400 pounds. I can only say that fatigue; insidious as it is; had contributed to this incident. I had flown for 9 days in a row with a continuous duty overnight trip. 3 months of 100 hour flying had also contributed to my state of stress. manual weight and balance had just been reintroduced to our cockpit workload 3 days prior. a suggestion has been passed to management by me that perhaps the FUELERS could give the cockpit crew a fuel slip that would at least indicate that a FUELER had in fact visited the aircraft. it was also suggested that dispatch/maintenance refrain from very last minute aircraft swaps whenever possible. fatigue; last minute changes; workload and a desire to get the job done all contributed to this incident,Attitude;Duty Cycle;Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
412824,CLRING active runway 27R in ATL; ground was too busy to speak to me. I had to brake to avoid an air carrier jet EBOUND on taxiway left. after we both had stopped; he gave way to me. I taxied to the ramp still unable to contact ground control. ground control frequency never did clear enough to use it,Communication Environment;Taskload
413754,WE were at FL320; about 10 mile behind our company who was at FL340. inside of ANELE intersection company was cleared direct BAMBO intersection. First Officer and I were both on headsets with me working the radios. we were expecting direct BAMBO and I heard the tail end of a transmission clearing someone direct BAMBO. I asked Air Traffic Control if they were calling us and they were and cleared us direct BAMBO. next; Air Traffic Control cleared us to turn left to a heading of 1?0 degree. the middle digit was unreadable so I asked for a repeat; which was 160 degree. we were expecting another turn to the right; direct BAMBO. a short time later I thought I heard the tail end of another clearance; clearing someone direct BAMBO. again I asked Air Traffic Control if the clearance was for us; which it was. the First Officer started punching in direct BAMBO on the Global Positioning System when we got a Traffic Advisory warning from the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. I checked the screen; then outside; and saw an aircraft about 300 feet below and about 8 mile away as indicated on the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II screen. we only got a Traffic Advisory and not an Resolution Advisory. by the time we set up the Global Positioning System to turn direct BAMBO; Air Traffic Control called again; this time for us to turn to a heading of 220 degree. but Air Traffic Control DIDN't express urgency for us to turn by saying make immediate right turn to heading 220 degree. after our turn to 220 degree; First Officer saw target was about 2 1/2 mile away and about 1400 feet below us. I kept a visual eye on the target until I was convinced he would be no factor. I asked Air Traffic Control how many times he tried to call us and he said about 3. we apparently only heard the end of his second or third transmission. I talked to the controller on the phone after arrival into HNL. I told him that we were having difficulty hearing him and that we wrote up our radio even though we DIDN't know if Air Traffic Control had a bad XMITTER or if we had a bad receiver. during this call; I learned that air carrier Y Captain was going to report the event because he took evasive action. I don't know if the other Captain actually got an Resolution Advisory; but I am sure that I would have gotten an Resolution Advisory if he HADN't initiated evasive action. I also learned that air carrier Y was on a different frequency and that my controller was working both frequencies independently. I never heard a transmission to air carrier Y. another piece of information I got from HNL Air Traffic Control was that they changed their radio system about a month ago and that they have been logging their communication problems; apparently because they have had so many. it seems apparent that this event was primarily caused by us not hearing the initial calls of Air Traffic Control. if we had turned sooner toward BAMBO; there probably would have been proper separation with air carrier Y aircraft. Very High Frequency communications has consistently been a problem going into HNL from the west coast. I am also concerned that the controller DIDN't tell us to make an immediate right turn the first time he had our attention (he cleared us direct BAMBO instead) and also the second time when he cleared us to a heading of 220 degree,Communication Environment;Other;Pressure
414220,I was on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan from the bay area to santa monica (SMO). I experienced intermittent problems with the transponder and #1 navigate radio. the flight was fairly uneventful until approach into SMO. while being vectored for the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range approach to runway 21; radar contact was temporarily lost resulting in a late vector to intercept the final approach course. I was cleared for the approach and told to remain at 3000 feet Mean Sea Level until on course. I turned right to intercept the course. the needle on the #1 navigate remained pegged to the right even after I was certain I had flown through the final approach course. I began a slow turn to the left hoping to REINTERCEPT the approach and commented to my passenger that the radio appeared to be malfunctioning. the needle moved toward the center and I began a descent. before the needle had completely CTRED; the 'navigate off' flag sporadically appeared on the #1 navigate. I dialed the frequency and course into the #2 navigate but; during the process; deviated to the left of course and was at 2400 feet Mean Sea Level without actually being established on the final approach course. the controller asked if I had the airport in sight; to which I replied affirmative. however; it was very hazy and I was unfamiliar with the area. I became less certain that I was actually looking at the airport and asked the controller for a vector. by this time; I had traveled closer to the airport and determined that I actually did have the airport in sight. I was cleared to land and did so without incident. in retrospect; I should have had the #2 navigate also set to the approach course which would have allowed for an easy switch to the #2 once it appeared the #1 navigate was not functioning properly. also; after a late vector to the final approach course; I let my desire to 'catch up' influence my decision to begin my descent prior to being fully established on course. I was also too anxious to confirm having the airport in sight,Familiarity;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
414630,POS and hold runway 34. prior to takeoff I looked left; right; and down the runway to ensure that it was clear. I started the takeoff roll after clearance received. at the point of rotation; I noticed 2 geese that were headed right for the nose of the aircraft. I immediately raised the gear; but one of the geese turned towards the airplane; while the other turned away. the gear came up normally but displayed a red gear unsafe light. I cycled the gear and came in for a landing that was uneventful. on the ground there were no MECHS and the line crew and I cleaned the aircraft; and replaced two landing bulbs; which were the only things broken. the rest of the flight was uneventful,Physical Environment
415010,BEING radar vectored on downwind for a visual approach; company with similar sounding call sign was cleared for the visual. I (misunderstood?) thought the clearance was for my aircraft and responded as such and changed to tower frequency as instructed. called tower and was cleared to land. tower then instructed me to turn right as soon as possible as I had accepted the visual clearance in error(?). I then spotted company off my left on final; RPTED him in sight; and was RECLRED for the visual to follow him. no horizontal/vertical conflict existed at any time. suggest that controllers advise when there are similar sounding call signs in use and/or advise of sequence and traffic to follow when being sequenced for approach,Other
415450,I was doing an 'a' check on aircraft XYZ; and per the paperwork I was supposed to lower the flaps. I looked around to make sure there was no equipment under the flaps and went up and turned on hydraulic. then I lowered the flaps. my partner came up and told me that the REVERSER cowls were open on #2 engine. I had forgotten that you could not lower flaps with REVERSER cowl open. so I raised the flaps back up and went down and found the damage. so the first thing I did was to go to AXAX; the crew chief; and told him what happened and then I went to AZYX; the supervisor; and told him what happened. AZYX called a sheet metal man over to see what they could do with it. he told AZYX that he thought it was out of limits; but that he would go back to the shop and make sure. I DIDN't hear any more about it from the sheet metal man. AZYX pulled me aside later in the morning and told me that he had taken care of it; that it was within limits and he had put it in the damage log. he gave me a silver Department Of Transportation to put on damaged area. the next day I found out that AZYX had used my name and employee number on the report in the damage log and that the damage was out of limits. I did not sign anything; nor did I know that it was out of limits,Other;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
415893,I was working the BVT high sector. we were being impacted by heavy weather. BVT is a sector that has too much traffic; but nobody will do anything to help. I had approximately 18 aircraft on frequency and 3 controllers assisting. the situation was getting out of hand. I; at one point; had 4 possible sits going on at once; when we were told that the snitch had gone off. our first question was; 'which one was it?' the deal was checked and an 'ENTAP' showed slight target jump; so it was called a non occurrence. I personally doubt. actually; I was more worried about 2 other sits because I knew the one the snitch caught was ok and they WOULDN't hit. our staffing is always low and the traffic is at times out of control; even without weather. something should be done,Taskload
416401,WHILE we were in visual conditions descending into las airport; approach control gave us a descent out of 8000 for 6000 feet. with the Auto-Pilot on; 6000 feet was set in the altitude selector of the Auto-Pilot; confirmed by both pilots by cockpit xref and a descent begun. we were on a left downwind to runway 25L. approaching 6000 feet; approach control gave us traffic to follow at our 9 O'clock position; which we confirmed we had in sight and were then told to follow. we were in the OPS Base Operations Office turn to follow the traffic when approach control told us to check altitude; as we were below 6000 feet. we looked up at the altitude selector and it was at 5000 feet and we were descending out of 5700 feet. we immediately climbed back to 6000 feet; at which time approach control cleared us for the visual approach to runway 25L. neither one of us; the copilot nor myself; had set 5000 feet in the altitude selector. the major factor was getting distraction by following the 9 O'clock traffic and not watching the LEVELOFF at 6000 feet with the Auto-Pilot on. the visual conditions also could have been a factor. to correct the situation; close attention to the LEVELOFF should be adhered to -- even with the Auto-Pilot on,Preoccupation;Proficiency
418885,CLBING out of ATL; out of 8500 feet; we received a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II alert; followed by Resolution Advisory 'climb!' looked at 8 O'clock position and observed a company CRJ aimed at us. we continued our climb; approximately 1200-1500 Feet Per Minute (maximum climb at our gross weight). we heard the ATL departure controller tell our company flight to level at 7500 feet Mean Sea Level. we observed our company CRJ almost directly below us in a steep (more than 30 degree) left bank. I spoke to other Captain via radio about the near miss. we believe the departure controller was late in turning the CRJ SBOUND. supplemental information from ACN 419521: we were departing ATL off runway 27R climbing through 6500 feet. we were given a turn to 170 degree (from a 255 degree heading). at 6500 feet we had a Traffic Advisory on the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. my First Officer saw the traffic at 2 O'clock position (an Airline Transport Rating 72 climbing out of about 9000 feet). we began a LEVELOFF at that time. we then got an Resolution Advisory on the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II and ATL told us to stop our climb at 7500 feet. we ascended to 8200 feet before we could stop the climb (due to our momentum). to my knowledge; we were never closer than 500-1000 feet horizontal. I believe our climb and closure rates made it look closer on the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. Air Traffic Control workload at the time was very heavy,Other;Taskload
419315,I was in first class galley and heard a banging noise out in first class. I went to check it above the first class credenza. I quickly ran up to cockpit and said; 'somebody'S got to come listen to this noise.' pilot came out and just then all flight attendants on break (3) flew out of crew rest due to smell of plaster in the cabin. purser began climbing the ceiling; feeling for heat in aft first class/business class galley in crew bunk and pilot came back out to wake him. purser instructed us to get all HALONS and personal breathing equipment and put them on first class credenza. we were told we were headed for boston -- 45 minutes away. the pilots turned off a pack and fixed the problem. I never saw smoke in the cabin. I heard a very loud noise in the ceiling in aft part of first class and smelled a strong plaster smell. smell dissipated. landed in bos to check plane. supplemental information from ACN 418453: flight attendant said we have the smell of an electrical fire throughout the business class cabin. we grabbed the halon and personal breathing equipment and proceeded to business class to search for the source of this odor. after Captain turned off air conditioning pack; the smell dissipated,Resource Deficiency
419780,FO and I RPTED for duty in xxx. while looking at paperwork we noted a small slat track fairing was missing and had been deferred for approximately 2 weeks. we noted the placard information that referenced paperwork for appropriate weight penalties. I checked dispatch release had appropriate penalties applied. we flew flight from xxx to YYY uneventful. for return flight to xxx; we had an Federal Aviation Administration maintenance inspector on the jump seat. everything seemed routine as he checked our paperwork. I noticed the inspector copying the deferred language; word for word; on a piece of paper. this took him about 5 minutes. then; about 15 minutes prior to our scheduled departure; he said 'do you know that this airplane is not legal for dispatch?' I did not! he handed me the maintenance document and I read over it very slowly looking for what could be possibly out of order. first I noticed that a placard was to be applied on the instrument panel. I saw a placard in the logbook but missed that it should have been on the panel. he also pointed out that there was no record of an inspection of the missing slat track panel at 'first maintenance opportunity.' he was correct. I did not read the deferral as closely as I should have. this was in part because it had been 13 days since maintenance had supposedly deferred it. the airplane had flown nearly 70 legs since first RPTED. I read the placarded information closely and was satisfied that the appropriate weight penalties were applied and that there was no other crew action required. I contacted our maintenance people to get the problem fixed. maintenance did some more research and told me that it was illegally deferred and had been for the 13 days. in fact; the piece that was missing from the #6 slat track was not covered by the deferral. it was about 1 1/2 inch by 1 1/2 inch square panel and was later determined not to cause any performance penalties,Resource Deficiency
420140,CLRED to descend to 6000 feet from our previous altitude; the altitude ALERTER went off and I caught the altitude about the same time. a 350 feet lower than cleared altitude resulted. at the time; there were or was no unnecessary talking in the cockpit. the awareness in the cockpit was relaxed and I believe that was a factor. in addition; the Auto-Pilot altitude select was on and failed to capture altitude. lesson learned; within 1000 feet; all attention to the task at hand,Attitude
420490,ON CLBOUT from mexico city; I may have exceeded the climb speed limits on the arcos 1 departure; which caused me to overshoot the leg to TEPEXPAN. a poor night of sleep was a contributing factor to this problem,Physical Factors;Proficiency
420910,WE landed on n complex at lax (our ramp is on S complex). we were holding short of taxiway P (on taxiway B) waiting to cross runway 25L&right monitoring tower. tower called and told us to hold short of runway 25L on taxiway P. (we now believe he meant runway 25R.) we repeated to tower instructions to hold short of runway 25L on taxiway P. as we approached runway 25R we were going to confirm clearance to cross runway 25R (being used for takeoff); but controller was too busy to get confirmation and we heard him clear aircraft Y into position and hold on runway 25R for a DC10 crossing DOWNFIELD. while clearing runway 25R tower controller asked if we were holding short of runway 25R. we responded 'no' and noticed a commuter approaching behind us in the air (probably had taken off; but may have been going around). we never heard a clearance for anyone to take off or go around on runway 25R,Taskload
422788,WE experienced a routine flight departing EWR to LHR and the 3 of us had flown together already on 3 previous FLTS this month. the night sky was clear as we climbed to our cruising altitude of FL350. passing through FL245 just E of HFD VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; we experienced a sudden jolt of the aircraft. it was like hitting a hidden pothole at 60 MPH. just 1 jolt; very sudden and then gone. my first thought was a glancing midair with another aircraft although none were nearby. that also ruled out wake turbulence. facing 6 hours at night over open ocean; we reluctantly decided to return to EWR for an inspection. this was made with the knowledge of a recent security threat to east coast airlines regarding middle east terrorists. about 35000 pounds of fuel was jettisoned during descent on our direct route to EWR. although we DIDN't declare an emergency; by asking for rescue equipment to stand by; Air Traffic Control declared it for us. a routine approach and smooth OVERWT landing was made at EWR. maintenance thoroughly inspected the aircraft while all cargo was offloaded. when nothing unusual was found; the flight was reloaded and continued on to LHR 4 hours late,Physical Environment;Unexpected
422886,APCHING ANC we were given clearance to descend to 3000 feet. we followed company procedure by both of us verifying and acknowledging the 3000 feet setting in the altitude ALERTER. conditions were night Visual Meteorological Conditions and we had the traffic we were apparently being vectored to follow in sight on the other side of the ANC VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. the airport was also in sight; but we had not yet been cleared for a visual approach. I was Pilot Not Flying; and as we approached 3000 feet; I started making some changes to the Flight Management System. a few seconds later; the altitude ALERTER sounded at 2700 feet. the First Officer (Pilot Flying) made an immediate correction back to 3000 feet. we descended to 2600 feet at the lowest point. no other traffic was involved. I'Mach Number not sure what really caused the deviation; but it was probably a combination of being on duty more than 11 hours; and having an expectation that we were about to be cleared for the visual approach turn into the thought that we had been cleared for the visual. also; if I had not been heads down at the Flight Management System; I would have been another backup. supplemental information from ACN 422690: we had visual contact with traffic -- no conflict. I believe we adhered to correct altitude awareness procedure. I think that the longitude duty day may have been a factor. we were at the end of an 11 1/2 hour duty day. I was manually flying the aircraft and both pilots were heads up keeping an eye on the B757 lights against a backdrop of city lights. while scanning the city skyline and keeping visual contact with the B757; I momentarily descended below the assigned altitude and immediately corrected. to prevent this from happening again; I would fly the aircraft on Auto-Pilot (with AUTOTHROTTLES coupled) -- especially given such a longitude duty day of 11 1/2 hours. I would also suggest that or reinforce that the Pilot Not Flying be 'outside' looking for traffic and Pilot Flying primarily rely on flying inside gauges. I need to add that initially both pilots assumed we were cleared for visual; and perhaps did not reset the altitude ALERTER,Duty Cycle;Preoccupation
423218,ON Instrument Flight Rules flight plan to sac went missed approach. sac departure gave us a vector of 140 degree from sac VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at 2500 feet Mean Sea Level while awaiting clearance to return Instrument Flight Rules to CCR. vector given us was a direct collision course with an antenna array located approximately 5-10 mile se of sac VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. it was barely Visual Flight Rules conditions. we spotted the antennas approximately 1 mile out and changed course to avoid collision. had it been actual Instrument Meteorological Conditions; the vectors Air Traffic Control had given us could have taken us into direct contact with the antennas. controller was apparently in training as his supervisor would get on the radio and correct any radio traffic mistakes made. controller also vectored one other plane 140 degree at 2000 feet Mean Sea Level. very dangerous vector in actual Instrument Meteorological Conditions! have since refused radar vectors se of sac VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; stating 'unable to comply due to obstruction.' controllers seem unaware of the antenna obstruction. on sectional; antennas are indicated to be 2000 feet above ground level,Proficiency;Unexpected
423471,I accomplished a thorough and careful PREFLT inspection of a C172 at the marshall county airport (74D). I drained fuel from the sump under the engine cowling on the ground and checked it for evidence of water contamination. none was present or found. this was consistent with there being absolutely no trace of water contamination in the fuel sample taken from the wing drain. (this last fact; in retrospect; should have alerted me to the fact that there was probably water in the form of ice in the fuel system because this particular aircraft normally harbors at least a small amount of water in the fuel tanks.) the operation of that fuel drain is from the pilot station in the cockpit. I was; therefore; unable to verify the specific flow or volume of the sample taken. the aircraft was covered entirely with a light to moderate coat of frost and it took me about 25 minutes to remove or reduce the frost on various parts of the AIRFRAME to the point where I deemed it safe for flight. on this particular morning; however; I did not have the ability to preheat the aircraft in any way. while this is not a specific requirement listed in the flight manual for the aircraft; I now believe that I should have done this. I experienced difficulty starting the engine; more difficulty than I would have expected or had experienced with this aircraft previously. the engine would fire a few times and try to start but die with the application of throttle. I now believe that the problem that I was experiencing was most probably due to a fuel flow problem created by a small amount of ice contamination of a particular fuel line. (the second warning flag that hindsight strongly suggests I ignored.) the suspect fuel line on the 100 series cessna is one that is located immediately after the fuel selector valve where it establishes the lowest point in the fuel system. I know that cessna provides a kit SK132-13A for the C150 and C152 aircraft and I know that later model C172'S come with the kit from the factory. the RUNUP and takeoff were in all aspects normal. I climbed and leveled off at approximately 3000 feet. about 7 or 8 minutes later; however; my attention was drawn to the fact that I was slowly but progressively losing power; it was when I discovered that I had the throttle in the full open position and was not achieving full power that I realized that I had a problem. my first thought was carburetor ice and so I deployed the carburetor heat mechanism with the effect that the engine immediately lost power entirely. I then reversed that action; but to no avail as the engine continued to windmill without developing power. I then deployed carburetor heat again and left it that way for the rest of the flight. my situation at this time was dire in the extreme. but I was at least very familiar with the terrain both from the air and the ground where I frequently drive. it was still completely dark. below me on the ridge tops at this point were the small towns or wheeling suburbs of bethlehem and mount olivet; WV. the ohio river valley that I was slowly descending towards was wrapped in a deep thick eerie predawn fog. ahead I could see a thinning or partial clearing in the fog and the lights of 2 interstate HWYS became distinctly visible. at this point I tried the engine primer and for perhaps 2 or 3 slow strokes I did get some positive results momentarily as the engine began to develop some power. then the primer system itself seemed to stop working. I now believe that it too was starved of fuel although the fuel gauges indicated fuel in the tanks and I knew from the PREFLT inspection that I had confirmed that fact. I was probably at an altitude of 800 feet above ground level. 2 interstates were visible to me (interstate I-470 and I-70). the traffic was moderately heavy on I-470. I then realized that the area of I-70 I was considering had a rest area or weigh station that looked to provide a safe haven once I was on the ground. also; I recognized the area as one that I had frequented as a helicopter pilot. in addition; this particular area and stretch of interstate happened to be one that I had recently scouted out in detail from both the air and ground in order to provide helicopter approach and landing information. my knowledge and experience as a glider pilot helped me to maneuver between the overhead lights on the highway. I executed a normal landing; sequencing myself into the traffic that was at that hour of the morning; mercifully light. I taxied (power off) just beyond the W exit of the weigh station and stopped as Federal Aviation Regulation to the right of the highway as the landing gear and obstructions would allow. with approximately 38 feet of wing span; the left wing; however; still infringed upon or obstructed the right lane of the interstate highway. the left wingtip was absent any light that would be visible to warn oncoming traffic. I recognized at this juncture that the situation was now equally; if not more perilous than a few moments before when at 3000 feet the engine died. I deplaned and watched in horror as 2 automobiles passed under the wing of the aircraft at high speed. the security of the situation deteriorated even further as passers by began to stop on the highway and get out of their vehicles to offer assistance. in short; I felt that I was sitting on a time bomb that would eventually explode with disastrous consequences when the first large truck or delivery van came down the highway in the right lane. a cursory examination of the aircraft revealed no problems that would preclude the engine from running and I resolved to try to start the engine again. the engine started and ran normally in all respects. a magneto check and a static check and a carburetor heat check of the engine all proved normal. under these new circumstances that I was then confronted with I felt that I had no choice but to depart. while one of the motorists who had stopped by the road side signaled that all was clear and there was a complete lull in traffic; I applied full takeoff power and after a slightly prolonged high speed taxi on the highway of approximately 2/10 of a mile. I made a normal takeoff and flew to the closest airport which was wheeling-ohio county airport (HLG). an inspection of the aircraft by another mechanic revealed no problems with the aircraft or the engine. he RPTED that there was a small amount of water present in both fuel tanks. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR said that if he had the newer type 172 that had the SK132-13A kit installed he probably would have been alerted to the problem of ice lying within the lower fuel line since he could have observed the flow of fluid from an outside line drain. this kit allows the exterior draining of the lower fuel line. this kit connects to that line at a point between the selector valve and the fuel bowl on the firewall. the fuel bowl is where the present interior drain system flows; but does not allow the pilot to observe or collect the fluid. his aircraft in this incident was a very early model 172; a rental aircraft. he believes that this kit should be an airworthiness directive from the Federal Aviation Administration for installation on older C172'S. he RPTED this incident to the Federal Aviation Administration and they did criticize him for the takeoff from the highway without prior notification. they then gave him a '609 check ride' taking particular notice of his PREFLT procedures,Other;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
423740,CAPT'S leg. on departure out of SFO on runway 1R; he flies runway heading instead of turning right to 030 degree as Standard Instrument Departure instructed. departure asked for heading. told them 015 degree. departure instructed a turn to 030 degree. Captain turned to 050 degree. when I told him 030 degree; he said; 'I'Mach Number getting us where we're supposed to be.' I should have caught the heading error; but DIDN't; even though I had 030 degree heading set. the departure briefing given by the Captain was 'we'LL get it on the way out;' which is what he said for every leg; so I should have been better prepared. there were no traffic conflicts; but it was embarrassing nonetheless,Attitude
424154,DURING radar vectors by sea approach to paine field runway 16R; I (aircraft x) had to take evasive action to avoid a midair with a departing B777 (aircraft Y). the B777 was cleared for takeoff by pae tower on runway 34L. just prior to that; sea approach turned us to a heading of 160 degree at 4000 feet Mean Sea Level. the turn started at about 8 mile out. upon reaching the heading; we were lined up with runway 16R with a clearance to expect a visual to runway 16R. the B777 was in sight and climbing straight for us. I (the Captain) made a turn to the left about 20-30 degree to avoid him and started a descent to keep the B777 in sight. I feel that the tower controller at pae and the approach controller had poor communication between the 2 of them. my vector to a heading of 160 degree should have never took place,Communication Environment
424540,ON descent into ord; ZAU 135.15 gave us an initial descent clearance to cross BENKY at 11000 feet. shortly thereafter; center informed us ord was category ii/III only; landing runway 14R; Runway Visual Range 3500 feet with winds 080 degree at 17 Knots gusting to 35 Knots. we had planned runway 9R; as was published by Automatic Terminal Information Service. since XWINDS were greater than 15 Knots and Runway Visual Range below 4000 feet; we told center we needed runway 9R. center said runway 9R was being snow plowed and gave us the following holding instructions: 'hold at BENKY SW as published 20 mile legs; EFC at XB15; hold at FL180.' to make a longitude story short; we descended to 17300 feet before correcting back to FL180. center said there was no traffic conflict; but did give vectors to another air carrier aircraft. I feel contributing factors for our altitude deviation was the hour of the day after having flown DFW to lax; then lax to ord. when given the adverse weather conditions we looked into getting the effective crosswind from the charts at the same time we were given holding instructions. we wrote down the holding instructions; but did not reset the altitude alert. supplemental information from ACN 424732: First Officer flying descent to ord; both pilots checking weather and crosswind limits category ii/III approaches. center gives winds out of limit passing FL200 for 11000 feet. we got quick clearance to 'hold now at BENKY as published FL180.' passing FL190 center calls to cross fix at FL180. I mistook that to continue descent to 11000 feet not FL180. confirmed with Captain if correct to keep descent. with all the business going on; he DIDN't hear me. at 17600 feet; center directed us to climb to FL180. no conflict,Physical Environment
426490,ON a vector for visual approach runway 7 to toledo; both the First Officer and myself thought we had toledo airport in sight and called the field in sight. once we lined up for the runway; we noticed that the localizer was not working and started to realize we were not lined up with toledo airport. at that time I started to DOUBLECHK the localizer frequency and toledo tower advised we were not lined up with toledo airport and gave us a heading and altitude to fly for toledo. after we got back on the right track; tower advised this was not the first time this happened,Other;Resource Deficiency
426864,THIS was a Federal Aviation Regulation 91 CPR flight from ege to SFO. it was the second flight of the day for this crew that had spent the night in denver. the aircraft had a crew of 2 pilots and 1 flight attendant. we had 4 passenger on board. I was the Pilot In Command and was flying the aircraft from the left seat. all the navigate; Auto-Pilot; Flight Management Computer; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II; and radio communication system were operating normally. the weather was clear and we had a tailwind; which was unusual for our direction of flight (W) and altitude (FL350). our routing was confirmed as direct to oak with a modesto 2 arrival to SFO. this route is very familiar to me; as I have flown it hundreds of times over 9 YRS as an SFO based pilot. we were flying at our assigned altitude of FL350. about 150 mile E of oak; Air Traffic Control requested we slow the aircraft to .82 mach. the sic acknowledged and I complied immediately. this was our first indication of Air Traffic Control sequencing problems along our route. additional speed reductions were requested to 280 Knots; then 270 Knots; then as we were decreasing through 265 Knots; Air Traffic Control requested 260 Knots. later; Air Traffic Control requested 250 Knots. each speed reduction was acknowledged by the sic and I immediately complied. at about 50 mile earlier than normal; Air Traffic Control requested a descent to FL310 for traffic conflict problems. the sic acknowledged and he reset the altitude PRESELECT to FL310. during the descent; Air Traffic Control began giving us numerous heading changes; first n of course and then S of our W course. I disconnected the Auto-Pilot and began to make all the numerous heading changes manually because I felt I could comply with the numerous Air Traffic Control requests with more rapid response time and with less discomfort to the passenger. at this point in our route; Air Traffic Control normally clears our aircraft to FL240. as we passed through FL320; the altitude alert aural tone sounded and the sic called the alert and I responded. I called for the descent checklist and the sic began obtaining the Automatic Terminal Information Service; computing the V reference speed; setting the pressure controller; etc. I was descending at a rate of about 1500 Feet Per Minute. the sic called my attention to the lower than assigned altitude and I immediately began aggressive pitch and power changes consistent with safe operating procedures. after I began the correction; Air Traffic Control called about our altitude which the sic acknowledged. the lowest altitude indication I saw was about FL297. there were no warnings issued by the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II either as Traffic Advisory'S or Resolution Advisory'S. the flight continued to SFO without incident. the weather at SFO airport was Visual Flight Rules and we flew the usual visual approach to runway 28R. chain of events: it started with the unusual tailwind and heavy inbound and outbound high altitude traffic to and from the san francisco bay area airports. the problem was compounded by the numerous speed and heading changes requested by Air Traffic Control. the aircraft may have been vectored outside the normal airspace reserved for inbound aircraft. contributing factor occurred as the Pilot In Command disconnected the Auto-Pilot to more rapidly comply with those numerous requests. there was a lack of crew coordination in the cockpit. crew: the crew must emphasize Cockpit Resource Management and rethink the process that Light Emitting Diode to this incident. perhaps additional visual cues such as hand movements -- pointing to the altitude PRESELECT; the altimeter; and the vertical speed indicators should be instituted. all distracting factors should be prohibited during a phase of flight such as descent. the Pilot In Command should notify the sic when the Auto-Pilot is disconnected to alert the crew that a higher level of awareness is required. the crew should visit ZOA to gain a new awareness of the multitude of traffic factors that a controller must handle. the crew is scheduled to attend routine 6 month recurrent training within 30 days. this incident could be duplicated in the simulator to coordinate new cockpit procedures,Other;Preoccupation
427213,IN sum: Certified Flight Instructor and student of SMA practicing touch and go LNDGS at SUS. 5 uneventful touch and go LNDGS with the 6TH planned to be a full stop. student made the approach and uneventful landing on runway 26. the surface of runway 26 was hard with some packed snow. the Certified Flight Instructor took control of aircraft on ROLLOUT in order to turn off at the taxiway most convenient to return to the Fixed-Base Operator for flight termination. during the roll and normal application of brakes; pilot discovered the right brake inoperative and with no help from aerodynamic braking; lost control of aircraft and ended up off the hard surface with aircraft momentarily tipped onto right wing before settling back onto normal attitude on all wheels. Fixed-Base Operator personnel verified that the right brake was not operating. no other airport or Federal Aviation Administration personnel came to site of the incident. there appeared to be minimal aircraft damage and no occupant or ground personnel injuries,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
427540,ON descent into oak on the panoche 2 arrival. we were given a crossing restrict of 10000 feet and 250 Knots over bored intersection. I programmed 10000 feet in the vertical navigate mode of the Flight Management System to arrive 2 mile prior to bored intersection at this altitude. 4 mile prior to bored intersection; we realized that we were too high (16000 feet) to make the crossing restrict and deployed the speed brakes and went to idle thrust. we arrived at 10000 feet and 250 Knots about 2-3 mile past bored intersection. center called us at point prior to bored intersection (5 mile) to ask if we would be at 10000 feet bored intersection; and we replied that we could not make the restrict. after everything settled down and we checked the vertical navigate display on the Flight Management System; we discovered that I had inadvertently programmed the 10000 feet restrict at 2 mile prior to the next fix beyond bored intersection. the flight plan page had listed bored intersection as the #7 WAYPOINT; but the vertical navigate page listed it as #4 WAYPOINT. I entered #7 WAYPOINT in my haste without DOUBLECHKING the actual name of the entered WAYPOINT on the vertical navigate page and this profile caused me to rely on a bogus descent rate to make the crossing restrict. in the future; both pilots will be XCHKING the old fashioned way to make sure the altitude and rate of descent will allow us to meet the required altitudes longitude before; and not rely on the vertical navigate profile alone,Pressure;Proficiency
427849,ON final approach; 1/2 mile to the end of runway; I performed my landing checklist. I switched fuel tanks to the one with the most fuel. in about 1 minute; the engine quit. for a few seconds; I thought I had carburetor ice. then I switched back to the other tank. the engine did not restart. I called the tower to report that I was not going to make the runway due to engine failure. then I again started to switch fuel tanks and I again activated the fuel pump switch; on and off; and after about 30-45 seconds; with fuel selector turned back to the fullest tank; the engine suddenly started; and everything returned to normal. I called the tower and told them that I would be able to make the end of the runway; as everything was normal. I made a normal landing; and have flown about 10 hours since; and the fuel system seems to be normal once again,Resource Deficiency
428120,FO was flying; descending into aspen; co. Air Traffic Control instruction was to descend to 17000 feet after a series of step-downs. Air Traffic Control then instructed us (we were roughly at FL240) to cross 26 Distance Measuring Equipment se of DBL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at 17000 feet; if able. I repeated the clearance with a 'we'LL do our best.' this required a descent rate in excess of 6000 Feet Per Minute. the 26 Distance Measuring Equipment is a fix on the high chart with no expect to cross altitudes found on a Standard Terminal Arrival Route. we did our best; but were about 1000 feet high when we crossed. center said nothing as he asked us to cross if able and we said we would do our best. it seems Air Traffic Control may sometimes forget to descend an aircraft to be at a desired altitude at a certain fix without very high rates of descent. there have been numerous occasions where we have asked for lower so as not to have to descend at an uncomfortable rate of descent (for passenger). I realize that this may be necessary sometimes for airspace arrival and departure gates. occasionally a controller will issue a descent clearance to a lower altitude with an expect to cross a fix at a given altitude. this helps pilots with descent planning,Proficiency
428510,UPON arrival in the terminal area; weather had deteriorated to Instrument Meteorological Conditions with thunderstorms in all quads. heavy precipitation; rime ice; and lightning encountered in descent. approach advised us to expect Instrument Landing System runway 23L approach. they RPTED heavy rain at airport with WINDSHEAR. advised Air Traffic Control we were breaking off approach and requested vectors to the E to a point where we could hold until the weather improved. approach complied; entered hold E of OTUMBA on the 110 degree radial in the clear. after holding for several minutes with no improvement in weather at airport and weather deteriorating at our holding point; we elected to divert to our alternate (ACA) for fuel. after several very frustrating minutes trying to communicate our desires; approach cleared us direct to TEQ. this route ran directly through weather. advised Air Traffic Control and requested radar vectors S of present position. again numerous attempts required to communicate desires. finally told Air Traffic Control fuel was an issue and that we were requesting radar vectors direct to ACA. they finally complied and we proceeded to ACA and made an uneventful visual approach and landing in Visual Meteorological Conditions. major issue was language barrier. we were only english speaking aircraft on frequency. communication became difficult as we were asking things that were not the norm for ARRS to MEX. also difficult to understand what other aircraft were doing. Air Traffic Control seemed to finally understand desires when fuel condition was stated. our concern was that we might have unknowingly caused priority handling of our aircraft by MEXICAN Air Traffic Control. supplemental information from ACN 428508: we set up for W landing. descending from 14000 feet to 10000 feet; weather got worse. requested a field report. reply was not understandable. now we had lightning -- virga/rain; turbulence -- low visibility/smoke or haze -- lightning in all quads -- and heard tower report WINDSHEAR. we broke off; climbed to FL190; held and reassessed. we had fuel to go to ACA; but not enough to hold; wait out the weather; shoot the approach; missed again; then go to ACA. MEX Air Traffic Control DIDN't understand. after many attempts to explain; we said 'low fuel; must go to ACA.' supplemental information from ACN 428509: deviations plus use of anti-ice burned more fuel than planned. 2 strong cells were detected on weather radar during runway 23 approach -- 1 n of MEX and 1 S. we broke off approach at approximately 13 Distance Measuring Equipment. we calculated fuel over ACA at approximately 7000 pounds and informed Air Traffic Control we needed to fly to alternate of ACA. neither Captain nor First Officer had been there. MEX Air Traffic Control was very helpful and obliged our request,Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Pressure;Resource Deficiency
428863,FLT was en route from lax to DFW. flight attendant in charge indicated that there was a strange odor in the cabin; noticed by all passenger and flight attendants at the same time; and in all sections of the cabin. the pilots accomplished the 'smoke identify/removal' checklist which is also recommended for removal of fumes. as part of the procedure; both utility buses and both RECIRCULATION fans were DEPWRED. fumes went from moderate to light; and seemed to be electrical in nature; with an ozone type odor. we felt that we had probably removed the source of the fumes; but they did not seem to fully dissipate. by this time; the aircraft was within 100 Nautical Mile of LBB; and an emergency landing was made there. all passenger were deplaned through a JETWAY. no injuries or sickness was RPTED. during the entire event; there were no abnormal indications of any kind in the cockpit. MECHS were flown out from DFW and confirmed the source of the fumes as the right RECIRCULATION fan. the fan was secured; and the aircraft was flown to DFW without incident,Resource Deficiency
429158,WE have been flying out of LBB airport for the last month. each and every time we get a climb vector anywhere from 030 degree to 060 degree to intercept on course heading. normally we depart on runway 17R as we did this particular night. on CLBOUT; we were given a clearance to climb on a heading of 050 degree. we read back 050 degree to the tower controller; who was also the departure controller. upon rolling out on 050 degree; the controller asked us what heading we were on and we told him. he then said 'your assigned heading WS 150 degree.' nobody caught the error in the cockpit. Air Traffic Control did not catch an incorrect READBACK. I think the biggest gotcha of this event was to not expect things to be the same all the time. the assigned heading sounds similar to the heading we usually got and expected to get once again,Proficiency
429431,MY contact with passenger was limited; although I witnessed him confronting flight attendant #1. my experience with MR x was during the beverage service when he came back to me and the other flight attendants working in main cabin. he commented on our service in a negative manner. his comment was 'our service sucked!' the next incident was with flight attendant #1 in the first class galley. he was expressing his opinion of company and was badgering the flight attendant to admit company was &*(%. the flight attendant was trying to discover what MR x was angry about; but he would not disclose any information about the problem. he continued trying to intimidate the flight attendant to admit company was &*(%. several of the first class passenger attempted to interfere and defend the flight attendants by telling him there was no reason for his language and behavior. they were told to mind their own business. he also was antagonistic towards first class passenger needing to use the lavatory. he waved them on to the lavatory with comments like -- they could use the lavatory before him because they were first class and he WASN't. the flight attendant #1 finally calmed him enough to return to his seat by telling him the problem would be resolved on the ground. he did return to his seat; however; signaled the flight attendants; with the call button several times during the remainder of the flight; that he wished to speak with #1 flight attendant. when she went to his seat; she was told he DIDN't want to talk with her. she again told him the problem would be resolved on the ground. he eventually fell asleep. no alcohol was served during the course of flight; however; he did order 4 soft drinks leading us to believe he may have been mixing his own alcohol. no misconduct form was given to MR x because we felt he would not react rationally and create behavior which we might not have been able to control. I feel the situation was handled in the best manner possible considering the state of mind the passenger was in,Attitude;Other
429848,CRUISING level at 4500 feet Mean Sea Level on course 290 degree. other aircraft; a fixed gear; high wing cessna; possibly a C182 or a C206; crossed ahead; close in front right to left; in a slight descending left turn. my evasive action was reflexive; a steep right bank; and the other aircraft passed down my left side. other aircraft took no evasive action and did not appear to see me. believe if I had not taken evasive action; collision would not have occurred; but it would have been close. cause of problem: I was concentrating my attention ahead for possible opposite direction traffic and did not see the other aircraft approaching from my extreme right side. since the other aircraft was crossing from right to left; although maneuvering; he had the right-of-way and I should have been more vigilant,Preoccupation
430834,LEVEL at FL250. center asked for best forward speed (350 Knots Indicated Airspeed). accelerating through +/-330 Knots; aircraft shook; pitched up; and main gear doors unlocked lights came on. power reduced to reduce AIRSPD; but pitch up caused us to +/-200 feet high. center questioned our altitude. do not think we got more than 200 feet high; but we may have. as aircraft slowed; we informed center of our problem. they broke out all traffic that was following us on the Standard Terminal Arrival Route; we continued to slow to approximately 200 Knots Indicated Airspeed (gear extended/retract speed -- VLE). cycled gear down -- 3 greens. with main gear door unlocked; lights still on; elected to retract gear. still had 2 red gear door lights. continued to destination at reduced speed (had to burn fuel to make landing weight. otherwise; we would have gone to closest airport). in descent; red lights went out without crew intervention. at destination; selected gear down; all system normal. had maintenance inspect gear system. found gear door hinges bent (from AIRLOADS?) but could not find any other problems. plan to replace gear door selector valve to preclude recurrence even though we could not duplicate the problem,Resource Deficiency
431141,DURING CLBOUT on the denver 3 departure through 17000 feet; the right-hand engine control unit failed. this problem was indicated by a 20% torque reduction on the affected engine as well as a right engine ECU fail CAS message. the Pilot Not Flying began to run the right engine ECU fail abnormal checklist; which consisted of resetting the affected ECU. the ECU reset for approximately 10 seconds before failing again. a return to denver was initiated after reviewing all caution items accompanies with the checklist. the landing was made uneventfully,Resource Deficiency
431467,WHILE on the ramp and taxiing in to gate (another carrier'S); the GUIDEMAN directed us to continue ahead and made the mistake of directing beyond the stop point. I had slowed the aircraft to a crawl but we struck the JETBRIDGE with our left engine. damage was minimal; but enough to down the aircraft for repairs. upon inspection of the ramp area; I noted that the stop line for airbus was not painted and I believe the GUIDEMAN was directing me to a B757 hold spot. had there been a wing walker on the side of the JETBRIDGE; the incident would not have occurred or had there been a proper hold spot for an airbus 319 model,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
431800,WE had been holding at the bunts intersection on the bunts arrival into PHL; holding for thunderstorms on the approach and RPTED moderate to severe turbulence on approach to runway 9L. PHL switched runways to runway 27R and the storms had moved away so we were vectored for approach into PHL and told to descend to 7000 feet Mean Sea Level from 11000 feet Mean Sea Level (our holding altitude). we were deviating around some cells on headings from 120-150 degree. as we descended; we were in light and moderate turbulence and moderate rain. I leveled off at 7000 feet Mean Sea Level and somehow the altitude hold channel clicked off during the turbulence. the altitude alert went off at 7300 feet Mean Sea Level and at 7350 feet Mean Sea Level I descended back to 7000 feet Mean Sea Level. total deviation of 350 feet. we verified with the controller (after leveling at 7000 feet Mean Sea Level) that we were level at 7000 feet Mean Sea Level,Physical Environment
432538,WE were descending into IAD on the JASEN 2 arrival; kessel transition and we were told to cross DRUZZ at 11000 feet and 250 Knots. we were on a good descent profile until we were instructed to slow to 250 Knots. (we were currently at 280 Knots.) this AIRSPD reduction took us above the Flight Management System-computed descent profile; even with speed brakes extended. I asked the Captain if we should ask for relief from the altitude restrict at DRUZZ and he replied he thought we would make the descent ok. we ended up crossing DRUZZ about 1000 feet high. Air Traffic Control did not comment. later; on the same arrival; we were being vectored on a left downwind to IAD runway 1L. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II was not painting any targets at this time; even though we could see our traffic visually. it is not uncommon for the A320 to drop Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II targets. as a result; we could not accurately determine our spacing from our traffic. we called our traffic in sight and were cleared for a visual approach to runway 1L. we turned OPS Base Operations Office when our traffic was abeam us; just inside of carry intersection. the Captain armed the approach and the aircraft started a turn to intercept the localizer. the aircraft rolled out on an intercept heading that was causing us to close on the aircraft we were following. in addition; we were flying faster than him. at this point we were 2.5 mile behind him. the Captain took out the intercept heading and flew 080 degree for a few seconds to correct for the closure. with strong winds from the W; this caused us to overshoot final by about 3000 feet. I spotted traffic on a runway 1R visual slightly behind us and I estimated we got no closer than 1 mile from him. there was no Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Traffic Advisory or Resolution Advisory. the controller advised us of the fact that aircraft were landing on parallel runways and we acknowledged. on landing we were asked to telephone the controller,Other;Physical Environment
432822,THESE are 2 separate events that occurred within a few minutes with mob approach. aircraft #1 departed AL15; proceeding NW to the M11 airport; climbing to 8000 feet. mob approach would not take the handoff; and I had to turn the aircraft to the NE to remain in my airspace. aircraft #2 was WBOUND; descending to 6000 feet; landing BFM. again; mob approach refused to take the handoff. when I attempted to spin the aircraft; the irate (justifiably) pilot canceled Instrument Flight Rules. both of the aircraft were on Instrument Flight Rules flight plans; in the Naval Air Station system. this problem with mob approach has been ongoing for many months. we have documented numerous occasions where we have had to spin ACRS; air taxies; civilian and military because they would not accept a timely handoff. many of us have also filed UCR'S; to no avail. the controllers at PNS approach have complained for a longitude time about a problem we feel is unsafe and unnecessary. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR attributes these intermittent; but constant; events to personality problems at mob approach. the 2 aircraft described in the event were on appropriate; Letter Of Agreement authority/authorized ROUTINGS. automation was not a factor; and aircraft were in proper handoff mode. the RPTR is also concerned with other 'nonstandard operating practices' observed with certain mob approach personnel. these other 'practices' mainly focus on the early termination of Visual Flight Rules aircraft and the associated automated tracked flight plans. the PNS controller is required to ask for pertinent information to REINITIATE a tracked flight that had been already complete in the computer. though similar sits have been occurring for almost 2 YRS; the RPTR states that management has been unable to resolve these 'personality issues' with mob,Attitude;Other;Resource Deficiency
433121,T38; Instrument Flight Rules from IAB to end. military did not squawk the correct code and was advised to do so. military did not change its code. I was handling other air traffic duties and unknowingly military entered into another control sector without proper coordination or approval. I was alerted to the problem when military requested frequency change and I took the necessary actions to solve the problem. no evasive action was needed. I was distraction from the situation developing by 3 other aircraft requesting their own unusual requests. after handling each request; is approximately when I became aware of the military aircraft in another controller'S airspace. I believe the situation occurred because military did not squawk the correct code and allow the computer to assist and function in a normal manner,Preoccupation;Proficiency
433454,THE tower controller cleared us into position and hold for takeoff when the aircraft ahead rotated. looking left I saw a B767 on short final on runway 27L; tower then cleared us for an immediate takeoff; even though the aircraft ahead; an MD80 was only 10 seconds ahead and not even close to rotation. we were unable to roll that soon and the Captain feared if we were to roll forward the B767 would either go around or hit us. Captain made the decision to stay in position and the First Officer told tower unable for takeoff. tower directed B767 to go around at about 300 feet; which we watched from a ring side seat. potential disaster avoided. this is becoming too common a practice; pushing the limits of safety using minimal traffic separation,Other;Pressure
433847,FLT was operations normal until approximately 20 minutes out of YYZ. I noticed the system #2 hydraulic quantity was at 39. we both watched the quantity intently from that point on. we discussed possible required CHKLISTS if the quantity were to continue to drop to an ANNUNCIATED low hydraulic quantity condition. the quantity slowly dropped to 35. we then were given an EFC for YYZ; which would have delayed our arrival at YYZ by 30 minutes. we also were given holding instructions at WAYPOINT 'LINNING' 26 mile from YYZ on the arrival. as we entered holding; the quantity dropped quickly from 35 to 31. I decided to inform Air Traffic Control of our situation and I declared an emergency. YYZ Air Traffic Control cleared us direct to the field for approach runway 6R. we did all normal CHKLISTS and landing was uneventful. we canceled Crash Fire Rescue Equipment after clearing runway and taxied to the gate. total time from declaration of the emergency to landing was approximately 10 minutes. YYZ and approach control were very helpful in handling our aircraft with priority. though we never got a system #2 hydraulic quantity indication of the Multi Functional Display Unit panel; I believe it was necessary to get our aircraft on the ground as soon as possible; not knowing whether we had an actual hydraulic leak or not,Resource Deficiency
435632,IT was the first leg of the day and so Federal Aviation Regulation things had been normal. we were taxiing out for takeoff and since runway 36R/18L was closed at TPA we requested and were granted runway 9 for takeoff. winds were calm. since this last minute runway switch considerably cut down our taxi time; the Captain and I were rushed to complete the before takeoff checklist. I was further rushed because I HADN't had time to set up the radios after getting the clearance so I was busy tuning in the various frequencies. I managed to finish up with time to spare; however; and we switched to tower frequency and I called tower to tell them we would be ready at the end of the runway since Air Traffic Control tends to forget aircraft not in line at the primary runway; which was runway 36L. tower immediately cleared us for takeoff; even though we were still 200-300 feet from the end of the taxiway. I acknowledged the call and the Captain and I ran through the runway checks. turning onto the runway; we began to take off immediately. after completing my CALLOUTS early in the roll; I noticed that my headphones would emit what sounded like a thump every time the plane went over a bump in the runway. this was unacceptable since not only could I not hear all that well but my noise-canceling headset amplified these radio thumps; making it very uncomfortable for me. our planes are old; however; and I knew the intercoms have problems; so I tried fiddling with my plug; which is located next to my right elbow. this proved no help; however. this airplane has 2 plugs for headphones on the First Officer'S side -- I think it is unique in our fleet -- so I switched my headphones from one plug to the other and flipped the switch. this fixed the problem but the instant I plugged into the new jack; I heard the Captain acknowledging a call from tower to cancel our takeoff clearance. during this entire process; I had been constantly moving my attention from the plug problem to my duties as Pilot Not Flying during the takeoff. monitoring the power for OVERTORQUE; making AIRSPD CALLOUTS; etc. when I heard the Captain read back the tower'S call; I had just fixed the problem and dedicated all my attention immediately to the situation at hand. the Captain was in process of stopping the airplane with reverse thrust so I quickly scanned down the runway. and there it was. a white single engine cessna was taxiing on our runway about 2000-3000 feet DOWNFIELD. I never got close enough to tell what type it was and tower said nothing about the other aircraft that I heard aside from telling us to abort. it appeared to be taxiing away from us and turned off the runway onto a taxiway moments after we aborted. ground was probably handling him. we turned 180 degree and back-taxied to the end. the Captain said a few words to calm the passenger; then we turned another 180 degree and departed normally. later the Captain and I discussed what had happened. he was unaware that I had been having headphone problems and thought that my missing tower'S call to abort was nothing unusual. considering the relative inexperience of First Officer'S at my airline; CAPTS are very used to covering many First Officer duties. he saw the cessna after I did -- despite my INATTN -- because he was concentrating on the takeoff roll. to both of us; it just seemed to appear out of nowhere after tower called. in reality; there was little danger of a collision. even though we were close to V1; a 1900 can stop very quickly. if tower HADN't called; we would have been well airborne by the time we got to the cessna,Preoccupation;Pressure;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
435848,COLUMBUS approach vectored me n because of traffic (an air carrier flight). I was turned E and I heard the other aircraft 'cancel Instrument Flight Rules.' I was directed to the localizer and cleared for the approach. I followed the localizer to runway 18. on my descent; I saw the twin turbine on the runway. I was a longitude way away and I had him in sight. he was on UNICOM 122.8 longitude before me. when I started the approach and called on 122.8; 'SMA on the localizer for runway 18;' I never heard a peep out of air carrier. he rolled all the way to the end to turn off and it was there I flew over him and landed longitude. I do not believe a violation of Federal Aviation Regulations occurred; since the air carrier aircraft was exiting the runway as I passed the landing threshold. in contrast; the air carrier pilot apparently believes otherwise. he set this up by canceling Instrument Flight Rules. I would never have been cleared to approach if he had remained Instrument Flight Rules. summary: if I had known that flying over another aircraft to be a violation; I would not have done so. the air carrier plane had canceled Instrument Flight Rules to keep from going through further procedure with approach control. when he canceled; I was 'cleared for the approach.' he knew I was somewhere; but made no attempt to contact me or to make his position known (he says otherwise). this has been a miserable upset to me. the upset caused by this is much worse than any penalty I may be assessed. I will never fly over another aircraft on a runway,Attitude
436010,ON a visual approach to runway 35R DFW and inside of 10 Nautical Mile; a flight attendant passed a note to the cockpit that said a passenger had gotten a clear fluid leaking from the overhead bin in her eye and was requesting medical assistance. upon clearing the runway; First Officer called the cabin to ascertain extent of problem. the note we received had stated that it was not an emergency and the flight attendants verified this. the First Officer notified ramp and requested EMT'S meet the flight. we were on at XA48 and due to an occupied gate did not reach gate XX until XB10. EMT'S boarded aircraft and rinsed female passenger'S eyes. she refused to give the EMT'S or the crew her name; but stated she felt her problem had not received serious enough attention. EMT'S informed me that they found no indication of inflammation or irritation to passenger'S eyes; but that she was extremely upset,Other
436402,WE had just began our descent from cruise altitude of 17500 feet; when a military FA18 hornet passed directly from behind; descending in front of and over the top of our aircraft. the Pilot Flying maneuvered our aircraft laterally to avoid wake turbulence and to DECONFLICT with a possible WINGMAN that might have been in trail of the FA18. no further incident occurred and we landed normally. after subsequent investigation and phone calls with the Federal Aviation Administration (ZAB) it was discovered that the FA18 was operating under Instrument Flight Rules; under the control of ZAB. both aircraft were observed on Federal Aviation Administration radar but no traffic alert was issued to the FA18. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated on callback that he was not on ZAB frequency; rather he was on his company customs frequency. he was Visual Flight Rules on V66 TUS to GBN descending from 17500 feet; and at 16500 feet is when the Near Midair Collision occurred. RPTR further states that he saw the F18 after he approached from behind and descended from over the top and below in front of them. the customs supervisor called ZAB and was told that the F18 RPTED a 100 feet - 200 feet Near Midair Collision,Physical Environment
437732,COMING from the W for Instrument Landing System runway 34R at SLC; sounded like it could have been a controller in training. almost directly over FFU VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; headed for 'PLAGE' fix on Instrument Landing System runway 34R; I was cleared to 9000 feet Mean Sea Level. Captain remarked how he'D never been so low 30 Distance Measuring Equipment out. shortly after descent initiated; got 'terrain; terrain' warning; followed immediately by 'pull up! pull up!' from Ground Proximity Warning System. I hit toga power and climbed to about 10300 feet. Captain notified Air Traffic Control and they had us level at 10000 feet. cleared for Instrument Landing System runway 34R with uneventful landing. I'Mach Number not sure of the logic descending us so early. approach plate says 10500 feet over FFU and 10500 feet (9000 feet when authority/authorized by Air Traffic Control) at PLAGE. I can't tell you how uncomfortable it is to hear 'pull up' in clouds with mountains in proximity. I recommend not descending aircraft below 10500 feet until PLAGE intersection. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: talking to SLC Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility revealed that they have received many complaints about aircraft Ground Proximity Warning System being activated in the same general area while being vectored to the SLC final runway 34R. between the FFU VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and PLAGE; controllers have the option to use 9000 feet. this is depicted on the charts. ZLC has had the terrain clearance altitudes checked many times as a result of these complaints; and have found nothing wrong. the Minimum Vector Altitude in this area varies between 8000-9000 feet. the maximum HT of the terrain on either side of the final approach course in the vicinity of PLAGE is 6682 feet on the E side and 6824 feet on the W side. one reason for so many Ground Proximity Warning System activations is the ridge line just inside of PLAGE. in this area; we have a rapidly raising terrain to a point 2000 feet above the floor of the valley. callback to RPTR revealed that his aircraft was equipped with the older Ground Proximity Warning System. he believes that his Ground Proximity Warning System was activated by rapidly raising terrain and a high rate of descent. RPTR stated the scary part of this was they were in the clouds when their Ground Proximity Warning System went off,Other;Physical Environment;Proficiency
438037,WE were on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan from PTK to PWK in an AEROSTAR 600. pilot and 3 passenger; a 600 hour SEL/Instrument Flight Rules pilot in copilot'S seat; my wife; with 8 YRS and 200+ hours in General Aviation aircraft (she fully understands aviation radio communications); and the other pilot'S wife. after being handed off to chicago approach; I confirmed I had the Automatic Terminal Information Service and then was advised to 'expect the Instrument Landing System runway 16 with a circle to land to runway 34.' we were vectored to the airport. about 9 mile E of field; I advised approach I 'had PWK in sight.' I was then vectored on a 340 degree heading while another aircraft landed. I was turned back to the field; and then; as is customary and desired by Air Traffic Control; I canceled Instrument Flight Rules. I was given the PWK tower frequency; advised to squawk Visual Flight Rules; and told to contact PWK tower. we were approximately 5 mile NE of PWK. I contacted PWK tower; announced I was '4.5 E' and had the Automatic Terminal Information Service. tower responded; 'make right traffic for runway 34 -- clear to land.' a CPR jet was evidently waiting to depart. we heard the tower clear the jet to 'take position and hold on runway 34.' I assumed the jet would be given an immediate departure clearance and there would be plenty of time for us to land. I 'dirtied up the aircraft' in an attempt to slow down; lowering flaps and gear. I am very aware; however; that PWK is close to ord to the S; and that Air Traffic Control desires that you stay as close as possible to PWK if you are S of the field; so a '360 degree turn' or 'S-turns' AREN't possible. I turned final and the jet still had not departed. several calls to PWK tower advising I was 'on short final' were not acknowledged. the jet was then 'cleared for takeoff.' the jet; after several moments; began its takeoff run. we were 1/4 mile from touchdown. I did not want to fly over the jet so I advised tower I was 'going around;' broke off the approach; and turned E; resuming an (abbreviated) entry onto right traffic. this placed me roughly over runway 6; in a very 'dirty' (IE; slow) CONFIGN; but aircraft control was not an issue. a C172 or C182 had been cleared for takeoff from runway 6. after 30 seconds with no communications; the tower advised me to 'keep heading E' and resume right traffic. a passenger then yelled 'traffic' and I turned to see the cessna 200-300 feet to my right. I held course (I may have also climbed) and the cessna descended and passed under me. we re-entered the pattern and landed without incident. I have never felt any need to place blame in on anyone in any of the RPTS I've filed before; but I must; unfortunately; conclude that PWK tower controller made several potentially disastrous mistakes. I think he may have been overtaxed; and; for whatever the reason; his total attention appeared to be fixed on the jet departure. I fly to PWK often and strongly suspect there may have been the usual 'bickering' with ord for an Instrument Flight Rules release for the jet. whatever the reason; it appears the controller simply forgot about our arrival. radio calls were not responded to (as though he was talking to ord on a phone) and it is obvious he just forgot about us; for whatever the reason. when we did have to abort the landing; he at first failed to respond; and then failed to inform me of the departing cessna traffic. this almost Light Emitting Diode to a midair collision. I was trying to control a very 'dirty' aircraft in a steep climb; while turning; looking for traffic; and trying to contact the tower with my intentions. I had my hands full and the tower controller was absolutely no assistance. I have been flying to PWK for YRS and the only recommendation I can strongly make is that the Instrument Flight Rules departure procedures for PWK really may need to be re-examined. the only conclusion I can come to is that the PWK tower controller was overwhelmed with the 'negotiations' to get the jet released (he sounded like he was alone and subsequent phone calls to the tower from me went unanswered). 20-30 minute waits for an Instrument Flight Rules release AREN't uncommon; and even on a SATURDAY night; which this was; O'hare can be very busy. but a disaster almost occurred because of the current system. I suspect O'hare constantly 'pushes' PWK to get aircraft ready to go and then; on a moment'S notice; releases them for 'instant takeoff.' my guess is that the PWK tower controller was being 'harassed' by ord; who may have delayed the jet release;and then suddenly was told to get the jet ready to depart. he may have forgotten about our arrival while this 'dance' was going on. this was his error; but I can understand why it occurred,Attitude;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
439220,BRAKE failure during landing. minor damage. had to egress runway onto grass to avoid collision with runway lights. fire: sometime during flight; an unknown fire occurred in tail section of this MIG17 fighter causing major damage. fire had blown out prior to landing. appears that afterburner line cracked. damage found at POSTFLT,Resource Deficiency
439599,AFTER RPTING a heavy B777 in sight; Captain (Pilot Not Flying) accepted a visual approach clearance. while on approach; I had difficulty maintaining visual with the traffic and airport because upon turning final for runway 24R; sun was low on the horizon; and reduced flight visibility due to glare. although we were legal for approach; I became quite busy maintaining visual with preceding B777; as well as traffic on the S complex. while I was flying approach; we both became preoccupied on situation; and Captain forgot to contact lax tower. after landing on runway 24R; SOCAL said to contact lax tower. we both became fixated on the situation and although the Captain forgot to call tower; I failed to XCHK and back her up. contributing factors were task overload; breakdown of Cockpit Resource Management; and accepting a 'questionable' approach clearance. we should not have called the B777 in sight; and requested an Instrument Landing System,Physical Environment;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Taskload
439880,CLRED to FL330 and climbing through FL290; we called Air Traffic Control requesting FL290 as a final altitude. climbing through FL307; Air Traffic Control cleared us to descend and maintain FL290. we descended. this apparently caused a conflict with another aircraft,Other
440277,UPON taxi out on taxiway Mach Number; we were given a very confusing clearance to taxi with taxiway h to runway 1L; abeam us was a B737 on taxiway h. somewhat blocking that taxiway; we asked for clarification and was given none the controller was busy and very 'short' with us. we continued to runway 1L missing a turn at taxiway h/taxiway B. at that point we became a 'sequencing problem' for her -- never a safety problem. she became very upset with us on the radio; chastising us several times. it quickly became a safety issue in our cockpit as we were running CHKLISTS; etc and her 'ranting' became very distracting. we were sorry we made a wrong turn; but we did not deserve the treatment we got from that controller,Attitude;Other;Preoccupation
440636,TWR said 'cleared to descend and you're following an experimental on final.' we were looking for the traffic to follow and getting closer to the point at which we would need to turn 120 degree to be on final. at the point it would be necessary to turn; I RPTED traffic was still not in sight. the tower said 'square your OPS Base Operations Office to final turn.' we both realized that we were slow (approximately reference +10) and crossing the extended CTRLINE for our runway. we realized we were going to cross final for runway 30L and as we saw both airplanes; we crossed between them and requested a left 270 degree turn to final and were cleared for that. we cleared all traffic and were cleared to land. crew were both very tired,Physical Factors
440973,I was on Instrument Flight Rules flight from santa monica to santa barbara. on the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range approach to runway 25 at SBA; I was instructed to cross kwang intersection at 4000 feet and cleared for the approach. when my #2 navigate indicated we were at kwang; I began to descend. SBA approach wanted to know why I started to descend. I told Air Traffic Control we had passed kwang; but Air Traffic Control said we were just getting there and should have still been at 4000 feet. I told Air Traffic Control that there had been occasional problems with the #2 navigate on this rental aircraft -- the needle would stick or be sluggish or inaccurate. it had been RPTED weeks earlier; but numerous pilots had not RPTED any problem and I do not believe it was ever repaired. I performed a VOT check at SMO before departure and the VORS were operational; although #2 appeared somewhat sluggish but perfectly usable. we were then given vectors to the SBA final approach course -- the 099 degree radial off the gaviota VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. even when tuned in and DOUBLECHKED; Air Traffic Control said we were about 1 mile left of course. the navigations on board (#1 and #2) indicated we were right on course. anyway; not sure whether the problem was caused by a faulty navigate on the plane; a problem with Air Traffic Control'S radar; or a combination of both. flight landed without incident,Resource Deficiency
441572,ON our scheduled flight from ILN to FLL; the initial part of our clearance was ILN-CVG-IIU-VXV; thence on to FLL via various fixes. when setting up the Global Positioning System; both myself and First Officer missed noticing that ILN.FLL1 (our PRECOMPUTED flight plan) had IIU fix omitted and had us going direct VXV (volunteer) after CVG. while climbing out of FL220 towards our then assigned altitude of FL310; flying a course of 174 degree CVG-VXV (heading 177 degree); ZID asked us if we were proceeding direct to IIU. I was Pilot Flying; First Officer responded 'negative; we're direct volunteer.' I believe that Air Traffic Control asked us to go direct louisville; First Officer told Air Traffic Control that our flight plan showed us direct VXV after CVG; controller then cleared us to fly a 190 degree heading (roughly 1/3 of the way between where we had been going and where we should have been going). First Officer then looked at the clearance part of our flight release and found that indeed IIU VOR and TACAN (Co-Located) was after CVG. there was no apparent conflict with traffic; although we may have gone into another controller'S sector. ZID shortly thereafter cleared us direct to alma; General Aviation; then as filed. First Officer acknowledged clearance; then added that IIU was on our flight plan after all,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
443318,WHILE being vectored for visual approach to 06C (chicago/schaumburg; which does not have a published Instrument Approach Procedure; instrument approach procedure); I observed a low cloud bank over the airport; which was not forecasted. I would be unable to descend under the cloud bank and maintain Visual Flight Rules minimums. because 06C is close to the ord class B; I had canceled Instrument Flight Rules 1 minute prior; to allow further descent. on observing the cloud deck; I contacted approach control; who cleared me for visual approach to runway 33 at DPA; approximately 10 mile SW. I contacted the tower; but mistakenly began lining up for an approach to runway 15. tower advised that I was lined up for the reciprocal runway; and I entered right downwind for runway 33. because I was too close to the runway; I overshot my turn to final and had to maneuver to line up with CTRLINE. I landed a little longitude; but stopped well short of the end of the runway. after being told by tower to exit and taxi to parking; I failed to contact ground control. this happened at the end of the final leg of a trip lasting 12 hours over 2 days; leaving me fatigued. UNFORECAST Instrument Flight Rules with no weather RPTING or Instrument Approach Procedure at the destination Light Emitting Diode to an unplanned diversion; leaving little time to properly prepare for the approach. corrective actions: pilot rest; double checking runway assignment; check weather beyond destination. note: Flight Service Station made no mention of Instrument Flight Rules during an INFLT weather briefing 45 minutes prior to landing,Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Physical Factors
443627,THIS was a photography flight with a commercial photographer. having worked with him once previously; I knew he had specific; well IDENTED sites; which would assist my flight planning. we discussed the locations; and he indicated that he had permission from the homeowners; and had or would call the local town police. additionally; the flight was scheduled for a WKDAY to cut down on annoyance to WKEND vacationers. there was more than a day of locations to shoot; and 1 originally planned site area was specifically deferred because of the proximity to a kennedy home. flight planning included a review of the possible photo sites; a selection of an airport for refueling; and a call to that airport with a general mention of what type of flight it was. a DUAT weather briefing was obtained the morning of the flight; with a follow-up call to the local Flight Service Station to discuss some NOTAMS. the flight departed westerly; ri; after a discussion of which sites were first priority before a fuel stop. flight proceeded uneventfully to longitude island; and photos were taken in the area of east hampton. while a residential area; the sites were such that RTES could be selected -- over water; trees; open areas -- to minimize unacceptable overflying as well as afford possible emergency areas. flying was also done with regard to the aircraft HT/velocity diagram. some flight paths and altitudes were requested by the photographer but refused by the pilot based on overly considerations. this was not a problem to the photographer. upon stopping at the local airport for fuel; the pilot was presented with an 'east hampton village code summons' for flying at less than 1000 feet. the photographer spent some time trying to sort this out; having been unaware of this village as a governing entity. discussion: normal; reasonable planning was done for this flight. the flight was conducted according to Federal Aviation Administration regulations. the new york state aviation regulations mirror the Federal Aviation Administration rules for helicopter flight altitudes. from the photographer'S perspective; he did the correct preparation for a legal and minimally invasive flight. as a professional photographer it is in his interest to be able to do additional FLTS in the same area. from the pilot'S perspective; there is a full awareness of the requirement to fly neighborly as well as safely. helicopters in particular seem to be vulnerable to complaints. some of this is likely due to the inherent noise characteristics; some due to the general public not being aware of either the requirements or unique capabilities of the helicopter. solution considerations: unfortunately; in this case there exists a village regulation governing airspace that conflicts with Federal Aviation Administration regulations. there is no reasonable way for the average pilot to know about such a regulation. one solution might be to better educate the local public and get their regulation aligned with the Federal Aviation Administration rules. or if there is indeed some reason; such as safety; for the higher flight altitudes; then this information needs to be made readily available to pilots,Other;Proficiency
443901,ON applying takeoff power on B767-300; the left engine high pressure message appeared on Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System. takeoff aborted at about 30 Knots Indicated Airspeed. message went out when power retarded. conferred with maintenance by radio. they had us run engine to 80% N1 -- message did not reappear. SFO maintenance in concurrence with Air Traffic Control maintenance control; concluded that valve had been stuck and was now ok. another takeoff was attempted with same results. returned to gate and left high pressure valve was put on MCO. flight later departed without incident. in retrospect; should not have let maintenance talk me into trying another takeoff without them investigating problem or at least documenting the problem with an MCO,Resource Deficiency
444189,WAS doing a practice approach to apa; Instrument Landing System runway 35R; had been vectored to localizer by denver approach; was handed off to centennial tower; just about 1 mile before Initial Approach Fix. tower said to continue on Instrument Landing System; report at power lines (approximately 3 mile from threshold runway 35R); and that we were following a twin. I heard a bonanza call tower for instructions; and RPTED his location as S of airport over I25. tower told him to continue S until given further instructions. about 30 seconds later instructor took controls and did a steep climbing left turn; while saying we had traffic. when we got straightened back out we saw it was the bonanza. I believe his call sign was XYZ. the bonanza contacted tower and asked if they knew where all the traffic was in the pattern; because he about ended up wearing a C210. (guess the C172 looks bigger up that close.) the tower told him he was cleared for runway 28. we both landed without further incident; I think the bonanza was heading about 160-150 degree; and the controller was busy with other traffic,Preoccupation
444659,TKOF clearance was received from tower at approximately XA42. flight was from SLC via the milford departure; to a southern california airport. taking off from runway 34L at SLC; tower issued instructions for a heading to 260 degree after departure. our altitude limit was the original 11000 feet on the Standard Instrument Departure. copilot was flying the aircraft on this leg; the third of 3 for the day. once established on the 260 degree heading; I finally was able to contact SLC departure control around 8000 feet Mean Sea Level. departure control cleared us to climb to 12000 feet. both of us thought that strange; since that is the altitude arriving aircraft are given for entering the downwind pattern. the copilot asked me for a Visual Flight Rules climb; so I in turn requested one from departure control. departure control immediately responded with a turn to 180 degree and a clearance to 'climb to FL230; maintain Visual Flight Rules below one-five thousand.' I repeated the clearance; and the controller came back with an amended heading of 160 degree. the original 180 degree heading was aiming us directly toward a mountain range to the immediate SW of the airport. the 160 degree heading put us just off to the E of those mountain peaks. although we had a full load of passenger; we were fairly light weight at around 110000 pounds takeoff gross weight. with a 250 Knot speed restrict (UFN) from our original Air Traffic Control clearance; we were climbing at a rate of approximately 4500 Feet Per Minute. at approximately 11000 feet (could have been more or less) departure control advised we had traffic at our 3 O'clock position at 13000 feet. I looked around; past my copilot; and immediately saw a glint of the low sun in the W shine off of metal. we had received no Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II warning of another aircraft in that position. I immediately answered 'got him!' and looked at our altitude. it was 11500 feet and climbing rapidly. I looked back at the other aircraft and could immediately tell it was another B737-300 (shape of cowls). the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II showed an immediate Resolution Advisory conflict; with red on the entire dial! it was too late to level off at 12000 feet with our high climb rate (pushing the nose over would also have sent us screaming toward the mountains!); so we continued the climb to get out of the other aircraft'S way. I estimate the horizontal clearance at 8 mile when we climbed through 13000 feet. a couple of factors were present here: 1) when Air Traffic Control cleared us to 12000 feet (which is non standard -- either we maintain our originally cleared altitude of 11000 feet if there is inbound traffic; or we are cleared to FL230 if there is not traffic). I should have realized there might be traffic in the area and not have asked for a Visual Flight Rules climb. 2) with Air Traffic Control aware of a potential airspace conflict over the mountains; he should not have issued us clearance for a Visual Flight Rules climb. the simple statement; 'unable' would have solved the problem before it became one,Duty Cycle;Other;Physical Environment;Proficiency
445048,BEECH jet called inbound on left downwind for runway 16R. no Instrument Flight Rules inbound was passed by ZSE. aircraft was observed on TARDIS and asked to verify Visual Flight Rules or Instrument Flight Rules. he responded Instrument Flight Rules. traffic was moderate at the time and due to the TARDIS no conflicts existed,Resource Deficiency
447561,DURING taxi out at the gate at PVD; ground instructed 'taxi via taxiway Celsius; hold short at taxiway k; then cleared to cross runway 5R to runway 34.' I misjudged runway 34 as runway 5R and continued straight ahead. while First Officer'S head was down running checklist; looked up and stopped the aircraft at least approximately 10 feet prior to the actual runway. tower directed a cessna go around on final of runway 34. runway 34 and runway 5R and taxiway Celsius all intersected each other. it will be very helpful if additional signage is put on taxiway Celsius prior to taxiway k to indicate runway 34 is straight ahead,Preoccupation;Proficiency
447878,APPROX XA52 on sep/thu/99; Captain called asking where his closeout was. the load agent working the flight informed me that the final cargo numbers were not entered yet; and there was a chance the flight might be over the maximum ramp weight. when the final cargo numbers were finally received by the load agent; she became suspicious as to the figure entered by cargo in EZE. further examination by loads revealed that the final cargo weight entered; 18491 pounds; brought the aircraft to maximum ramp weight; to the pound. as a result the load agent had a load lead investigate the numbers. all this time the aircraft remained on the taxiway; awaiting takeoff. after several 3-way SATCOM calls with the Captain; lead load agent and myself it was determined that; based on the closeout numbers provided by EZE; the flight was within maximum allowable ramp weight and authority/authorized for takeoff. as a precaution; an off-load audit was set up for the aircraft upon arrival at JFK. shortly before taxiing out to the departure runway; the First Officer informed me via SATCOM that EZE operations had changed the cargo weights for a second time. being that the aircraft was on an active taxiway the entire time of this incident; neither the Captain; load agent; or myself was sure how cargo weights could be changed. based on this; all parties agreed that aircraft should return to the gate for a closer examination of the closeout numbers. after returning to the gate; it was discovered that a container of cargo; not authority/authorized by the load agent; was loaded. that container was removed and the flight REDEPARTED for JFK,Other
448190,OUR aircraft had a maintenance problem in boston. I took the aircraft logbook and Minimum Equipment List inside our operations to coordinate with maintenance control. air carrier contract MECHS fixed the aircraft. while they finished up the logbook paperwork; the rest of the crew and I went back to the aircraft to board the flight. the mechanic told me he would bring the paperwork out to the airplane when he was done. he brought the logbook out to the airplane; but not the Minimum Equipment List. we flew the aircraft to IAD without the Minimum Equipment List. our chief pilot advised us that we were ok without the Minimum Equipment List because at the time there were no open deferral items on the aircraft. the Minimum Equipment List was replaced in IAD,Resource Deficiency
448617,IN sum: RPTR submitted a letter and an article that has been sent to almost everyone in the industry that might be interested referring to the problem of XPONDERS of at least 2 makes that are not received by surveillance radar and Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. he concludes that it may be a major problem in the General Aviation area and seems to be somewhat connected with the upgrade of system at some Air Traffic Control locations. he states in conclusion: 'I feel it is important to bring this to our attention because it attests to the possibility of a more widespread problem in the fleet of General Aviation XPONDERS than may be realized or RPTED. this concerns me a great deal; as proper operation of XPONDERS is the backbone of the Air Traffic Control radar beacon and Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II system. it is disconcerting to realize that possibly 1 in 5 XPONDERS are likely to be invisible to Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II equipped aircraft!,Resource Deficiency
449011,DUE to pilot'S perception of higher-than-normally-accustomed-to-feeling back pressure observed at rotate and higher-than-normally-accustomed-to-seeing airplane nose up trim observed for landing; suspected possible load close-out error and requested off-load audit at DFW,Other
449328,ALLOWED company employee to fly the aircraft from the right seat during cruise. flight director on; Auto-Pilot on. he did a nice job for quite a few minutes; but I looked down to adjust the Inertial Navigation System flight plan and during that time he deviated 400 feet above our cleared altitude. I then immediately took back control of the aircraft and had him leave the seat. the First Officer had gone to the back. in the future with any such occurrences; I'LL have the First Officer watch; so that even if I am distraction; the situation is always closely monitored and will be corrected before any deviation exceeds normal parameters,Preoccupation
449770,CAPT was flying. controller issued clearance to FL370. passing FL324; controller said to level at FL330. aircraft leveled at FL330 then continued to climb. altitude alert sounded at FL333 and climb was arrested at FL334. Captain descended back to FL330,Resource Deficiency
451139,RECEIVED Automatic Terminal Information Service via radio. no recall by First Officer of construction on approach end of runway 10 on Automatic Terminal Information Service. we were cleared for VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range/Distance Measuring Equipment runway 10 and normal approach was conducted. (no mention of construction given us by Air Traffic Control.) at approximately 400 feet above ground level; a pick-up was noted crossing the threshold end in the construction area. barrier cones were immediately noted thereafter and Pilot Flying (Captain) added power and decreased descent and thereafter continued to a normal landing,Resource Deficiency
451466,A malfunction of the main cabin cargo door lock indicating system was discovered. with the main cabin cargo door full open the forward door lock indicated locked the light was extinguished. the control panel lights were tested and the light check good. maintenance DMI'ed the malfunction and a visual check was conducted as per the Minimum Equipment List. after take off the reference was checked in greater detail and was found to be improper for the type of malfunction. the crew felt the door was safe to continue the flight but believe the flight should not have departed because the Minimum Equipment List reference stated that a visual inspection should be made but only if the filament had failed (L1011 Minimum Equipment List 52-72-00 step 6). the malfunction should have been corrected prior to flight,Resource Deficiency
451783,WE were landing at manassas runway 34R on a dark night; Visual Flight Rules conditions; with 2 other aircraft in the pattern. taxiway B3 is about 1000 feet down the runway and appeared easily 'MAKABLE.' under usual braking we arrived at taxiway B3 and turned between the blue lights only to find that we were into the dirt and not on the taxiway. no damage to aircraft or taxi lights; just extremely embarrassed. controllers instructed pilots to use this turn-off which angles back at about 45 degree (135 degree turn). we were extremely lucky to taxi over the dirt and cut the corner with no apparent harm done. lighting could be improved on the turn-off which would have helped. pilot will certainly be much more careful in the future. once is enough,Resource Deficiency
452074,ON arrival at XYZ did not hear tower give clearance to land. queried controller all the way down final at 150 feet executed go around as tower cleared some other aircraft to land on runway 8. landed uneventfully. controller appeared to be task saturated -- which can be expected in the area. on discussions with the tower supervisor; he mentioned that he thought landing clearance was given and that he would review tapes. he offered his apologies for the misunderstanding,Communication Environment;Other;Taskload
452390,ACFT on same frequency. received and read back clearance to descend from FL280 to FL240. Air Traffic Control cleared other flight to FL240. Air Traffic Control requested we confirm our altitude. they then RECLRED us to FL240,Other
452780,FLT plan had route STL-RZC-FSM-RZC. FSM cannot be NAVED with /a equipped aircraft. this is a recurring problem; IE; dispatch filing RTES that cannot be NAVED without longitude-range navigate. if I am wrong; and it is appropriate to file RTES which we cannot navigate; why don't we file radar vectors direct? it will save a lot of time and money,Resource Deficiency
452950,JUST after takeoff from runway 28 at BWI we heard 2 loud noises; possibly compressor stalls; followed by failure of the left engine. elected to return to BWI. during approach selected gear down. did not get a green light for the left main gear. the red gear unsafe light remained on for that gear. suspected tire failure caused engine failure and gear indication problem. had tower visually inspect gear during a low approach. had First Officer use alternate means to verify gear position while being vectored for approach. tower RPTED gear looked down. First Officer RPTED gear showed locked down. returned for another approach and landing. landing and ROLLOUT were normal. #2 main tire had come apart and entered left engine causing its failure,Resource Deficiency
453285,PAX arrived 3 hours early at BTR; la. I had not filed an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan. I decided to depart for SHV on a Visual Flight Rules flight plan with flight following. the ground controller at BTR asked for confirmation of requested altitude of 17500 feet; which I did. the weather was absolutely CAVU. approximately 75 Distance Measuring Equipment S of EMG VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; zhu wanted to know if I would be starting my descent soon; as I was at the wrong altitude for my direction of flight. this is where I first realized my error. I immediately descended to 16500 feet and was handed over to ZFW. I really think that most of the problem was that I always file Instrument Flight Rules; regardless of the weather. I got into a hurry and just did not stop and think about the correct altitudes for a flight NWBOUND. additionally; the ground controller and zhu controller could have alerted me earlier. of course; I know the Federal Aviation Administration is trying to place all responsibility on the Pilot In Command; and accept none on their part. I think that we all will make mistakes from time to time; but if we all worked together; things of this nature; which are easily correctable; would not have to happen. apparently there was no other traffic close to my position as I was not notified. from now on; I will never assume that the Federal Aviation Administration or Air Traffic Control will correct or make suggestions to a pilot to make our system better or safer,Attitude;Pressure;Proficiency
453670,WE were cleared for Instrument Landing System runway 25L at lax. weather was clear; with a 1 degree temperature DEWPOINT spread. we had just heard over Air Traffic Control that san diego was below minimums and dispatch had just sent us data for using ONT as an alternate; as we were dispatched alternate none. we could see the fog just offshore at lax. passing FUELER; at 26 Distance Measuring Equipment; we were slowed to 210 Knots from 250 Knots previously assigned. passing 230 Knots I asked for flaps 1 degree. we got an Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System message 'leading edge slat disagree;' and an amber leading edge light. there had been a previous identical write-up the day before. I checked fuel; we had 12500 pounds. I told the First Officer that we would continue the approach; I would fly and talk; he would do the abnormal checklist and if we completed the CHKLISTS with no problems we would land; otherwise we would miss approach and work it out in holding. I declared an emergency with approach; and we switched to runway 25R. I felt overloaded with the Mode Control Panel so I disengaged the Auto-Pilot and flew a visual approach. at this point I was comfortable knowing that even if I had to land no flap/no slat I would be ok on this 11000 feet runway; but I did not want to go into holding and work through CHKLISTS only to have the fog roll in and do an actual Instrument Flight Rules approach or land at ontario; where I had never been before. I extended the landing gear and held clean minimum maneuver speed. Air Traffic Control kept pumping us for souls aboard; and I could hear First Officer saying set VREF 20 Knots and do a no flap no slat; which DIDN't sound good. I told Air Traffic Control to call dispatch for that information; we were too busy. I told First Officer to look at the bugs and the PLI (pitch limit indicator); which was sitting maybe 5 degree above the airplane symbol; and that VREF 20 bug speeds WOULDN't work. when he said no flap no slat checklist; speed VREF 30 plus 50; and we can land on 6500 feet of runway. I DIDN't think we needed to land no flap no slat; but I knew we could without any problem; and by now we were on tower frequency; about 10 mile out and stabilized on the Instrument Landing System. I landed with AUTOBRAKES 4 selected. landing and ROLLOUT were uneventful. the 'B757 leading edge slat disagree' procedure has the question; 'is indicated flap position greater than 20 degree.' the 'no' answer leads you to a box in which line 1 reads; 'use existing flaps and set VREF 20 for landing.' I think the wording was the source of First Officer'S confusion. it sounds like the '...for landing' phrase refers to using existing flaps. in previous write-up the crew had said they performed a flap 1 degree landing; and maybe they were confused by the same thing,Other;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
454090,FROM BVI PAKON FL350; requested FL390; told to standby. after 5 minutes; requested it again. controller said 'climb to three niner zero.' we acknowledged call. passing FL375 controller asked our altitude. we told him. he said 'descend back to FL350 for center coordination.' we did so; no traffic was observed visually or on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II and controller did not seem too concerned,Attitude
454549,DURING CLBOUT from PDX; master caution light illuminated with a fuel advisory. both forward and aft fuel pumps in tank #2 illuminated low pressure with 10000 pounds of fuel in that tank. approximately 30 seconds later; the right center tank fuel pump illuminated low pressure. we pulled out the Quick Reference Handbook and discovered 2 circuit breakers were popped. we elected to return back to PDX with a non eventful OVERWT landing. we believe we had an electrical problem. we coordinated with Air Traffic Control; maintenance control; flight and dispatch,Resource Deficiency
454860,ATC facility: DFW airport. during PREFLT test of weather radar we determined that with left receiver transmitter unit selected weather radar operated in normal 'non test' mode with test mode selector. see logbook. B777 operations manual notes a caution due to operation of weather radar near terminal or personnel. nature of problems was only determined while en route to KIX,Resource Deficiency
456796,THE Captain declared an emergency due to a flap problem and would divert to JFK. he stated it was an item (flaps) that had been written up before and it WASN't serious. the flaps would need to be lowered manually. the Captain stated that the landing would be normal and no evacuate/evacuation necessary. again; he assured me everything was fine. I informed all the other flight attendants - who seemed concerned about the diversion. we prepared the cabin for a normal landing and the Captain made an announcement to the passenger. he explained that the flaps would need to be lowered manually; and we would need to divert to JFK because the runways were longer. there was no need to be concerned. the passenger were calm after the announcement. everyone was fine. we landed in JFK and taxied to the gate without incident. everyone deplaned through the forward boarding door as normal; and were met by passenger service. maybe this situation could have been avoided before departure. if they knew this airplane'S flaps had been written up; why did they schedule it to fly into LGA where the flaps are needed so much,Resource Deficiency
457273,THE DO328-300 jet commonly displays numerous Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System messages upon initial start up after sitting overnight. to correct the Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System displays one has to shut down the entire aircraft (removing all power to aircraft). this resets all the parameters; then the aircraft is restarted. 99% of the time all abnormal Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System messages are corrected. on the initial start up that day we had an amber left and right FADEC fault. we shut down the aircraft and consulted maintenance. we restarted and the message cleared. the first leg that day was uneventful. on our second leg on initial CLBOUT we had a left and right FADEC fault. both ENGS were performing normally. we were handed off to next controller and told to climb to 10000 feet. on our climb between 5000-10000 feet I noticed both primary AIRSPD indicators indicating 30 Knots (lowest value shown) and the standby AIRSPD indicator reading zero. both primary altimeters were recycling; as if trying to reset. probe heat was on otherwise ACAS message is shown with weight off wheels. we notified Air Traffic Control and requested to return to pit. in the turn we noticed that the altitude indicators displayed bank only (no pitch). no flags were noticed on either primary flight displays. the Captain had to fly off the standby attitude indicator and Horizontal Situation Indicator on primary flight display. once we descended below the clouds all instruments came back to life. we made a normal landing. maintenance inspected the aircraft for 90 minutes and found nothing wrong. the next day we ferried the aircraft back to MKE. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the aircraft was a dornier 328-300 with 2 P&W 306B ENGS. the RPTR said after landing maintenance worked on the airplane for 90 minutes but could find nothing wrong. the RPTR said no fault lights were illuminated on the electronic flight display or engine FADEC boxes. the RPTR stated the only conclusion maintenance arrived at was possibly PITOT tube icing. the RPTR said the crew dismissed this idea and advised the chief pilot that this was not the problem. the RPTR stated the aircraft was maintenance ferried the next day and operated normally. the RPTR said the company has interviewed the Captain and the RPTR several times on our actions during this incident,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
457736,ON initial contact with MIQ control on 128.5; controller requested confirmation of route and altitude after initial transmission stated as such. asked for flight level 3 times. cleared direct ROMEX upon request from us. MIQ approach control on 120.1 requested speed reduction initially to 210 Knots then to 200 Knots. after various vectors controller cleared us to 3000 feet; initial approach altitude is 5000 feet outside ROMEX; 4000 feet inside ROMEX. did not accept clearance. requested LEVELOFF at 4000 feet. controller vectored us inside Final Approach Fix. Instrument Landing System did not identify; loud squeal only. other aircraft shooting approaches successfully. Air Traffic Control advised Instrument Landing System in service. Glideslope intercepted prior to localizer; still inside Final Approach Fix. maintained 4000 feet with Glideslope disappearing below and localizer not intercepted. abandoned approach. requested vector outside Final Approach Fix. controller once again vectored us inside Final Approach Fix. unable to communicate due to frequency congestion. turned to a heading via Missed Approach Point display just outside Final Approach Fix at 4000 feet. completed second approach with no problem. note: Instrument Flight Rules conditions until approximately 1500 feet. not the first time Air Traffic Control has cleared us to lower altitudes than published. CCS has been a dangerous operation in my past experience. language difficulties major problem if normal script not followed,Attitude;Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency
458951,APPROX 30 seconds after liftoff; I could smell a smoky smell down aisle-way -- like soldering wires. it was faint. I advised #1 flight attendant and left jump seat and walked down aisle aft. very strong smell over rows 4 and 5. returned to jump seat and advised flight attendant #1. before I could call the cockpit; flight attendants #2 and #4 called to say they smelled it also. I then called the cockpit and advised the Captain. he informed me that we would declare emergency and return to PDX. I made an announcement to the passenger. Captain then made announcement to the passenger; and we had a safe landing with no evacuate/evacuation necessary. there was no visual smoke in the cabin -- just a strong burning smell. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated that the Captain told the cabin crew they did not have to prepare for an evacuate/evacuation; and he told the passenger the same thing; except that if there was a fire on landing; he would say certain key words for an evacuate/evacuation. the plane was met by fire trucks and other emergency personnel. they deplaned through a JETBRIDGE in portland; and then the MECHS who met the plane wanted the Captain to take it on a test flight with them; and he vehemently replied that he would not. the plane was then taken Out Of Service,Resource Deficiency
459370,WE were given a LAHSO clearance; 'cleared to land runway 27 (TPA) hold short runway 18L.' we were originally cleared to land runway 27 and at about 5 mile we were told to hold short. we accepted this clearance; even though we should not have. TPA does not have appropriate LAHSO lighting on runway 27; which is necessary for LAHSO at night. however; the controller should not have issued this clearance. as soon as we touched down; we were instructed to continue through the intersection of runway 27 and runway 18L and to clear runway 27 at taxiway Celsius; located just W of runway 18L (LAHSO'S were not required). in summary; we were given an incorrect clearance; which we should not have accepted; but which should not have been issued,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
459736,ON the way to chicago; a 6 YR old child had a seizure. we had a doctor on board that helped with the situation. we were 30 minutes out of detroit; and we deviated to give medical assistance on ground. supplemental information from ACN 460606: child went into second attack,Other
460220,I was on a cross country with my student. we were departing STC on runway 5. we listened to 122.7; the UNICOM frequency; and saw and heard a KATANA depart runway 5 and head se. a cessna departed runway 5 and headed NW. a navajo called from 14 mile se inbound. we were next so we announced CITABRIA aircraft x departing runway 5 EBOUND. we took off on runway 5. we heard the navajo call for position of the cessna and then he came back and said he had us as we lifted off runway 5. the navajo was on downwind for runway 5 at this time; and we had him in sight. we proceeded outbound climbing when we spotted the aircraft Y coming from the se. we turned right and stopped climbing. the aircraft Y passed off our left front at about 200 feet above and 1/3 - 1/2 mile NWBOUND. the first we heard from him was after he had passed and he announced left OPS Base Operations Office. I proceeded to forest lake; MN (25D). about 5 mile out; I called 25D and announced 5 mile W landing forest lake. at this time we got a call from aircraft Y asking if we had left ST cloud earlier. I acknowledged; and he berated me for not calling our departure at ST cloud and that we had just about run into him. this is not true. we had heard the other 3 planes in ST cloud so we know we were on the right frequency and this frequency was still in the radio when I reached forest lake; which is the same 122.7. I remember my student calling departing runway 5 departing to the E at ST cloud. she had stumbled over runway 5 coming in and I had told her it was easier to use 'zero five' and CLRER to everyone. when she used it departing; I was pleased. we never heard a call from aircraft Y and I doubt he saw us as he did not turn to avoid us as we did to avoid him,Attitude;Communication Environment
462250,APCHING MEM intersection from the se; we were handed off to MEM approach (119.1) by ZMA. normally this is a W side of the area frequency; but the day before we were given an E side frequency approaching MEM from the W; so this did not seem completely out of place. we checked in with approach and were given a descent to 6000 feet and a turn to 350 degree. the First Officer was working the radios and I told him to verify the clearance because it sounded like we were referred to as a-- instead of B--. the controller verified that the clearance was for us (B--) we complied and shortly thereafter heard the controller tell another one of our FLTS that he needed him to start his descent to 6000 feet now. the company aircraft responded that they had not been issued a clearance to 6000 feet (his call sign was BXY and ours was BYZ; but the controller'S pronunciation was such that you could not distinguish between the two). I mentioned to the First Officer at this point that there was MISCOM going on because of the way the controller was pronouncing our similar call signs. the First Officer then told the controller that we could not tell the difference between his pronunciation of BXY and BYZ. the controller then informed us that we were on the wrong frequency. we switched to the standard E side frequency (125.8) and the remainder of the flight was uneventful. I called the approach facility about 1 hour later and spoke with them about what had occurred; and was told that they were discussing that very thing at that moment. I was told that we had been given the wrong frequency from the center and that the controller was giving us CLRNCS because he was expecting to hear from BXY (not BYZ). the person I spoke with said that there were no conflicts created by this situation; and that the parties involved were urged to listen carefully to the call signs,Communication Environment;Other
462689,DISCOVERED in flight by crew. unfamiliar with F100. when I did not see emergency sign after test lights; I ask the Captain to check his flight handbook. the Captain said he could not find this light in his handbook. I test lights again in the presence of the Captain and flight attendant and they too did not see a problem. we all agree lights checked ok. I sign the item off and continue on with the other 2 log entries and daily check. after I went to the F100 maintenance manual 33-52-03 page 600-824-a page 403 found the correct location of the standby emergency lights; after aircraft was dispatched. at the next station the new crew wrote it up and aircraft took a delay. in retrospect; I realized that trying to get the aircraft out on time and finish the other log entries and inspection; I hastily signed the lights off due to a lack of foresight,Familiarity;Pressure;Proficiency
463153,MEDICAL emergency. passenger was unresponsive to lifting arm. passenger was touched several times by flight attendants; with no response. after being shuffled to the floor; there was no pulse/breath detected for about 15-30 seconds. oxygen was administered; doctor paged; and AED was retrieved; but not used. passenger came to after taking oxygen and after a few minutes sat back in seat. she was removed at MSY for medical examination. upon landing; she vomited. all the flight attendants noticed she appeared very pale in color. the passenger spoke no english. friends translated for her. passenger walked off plane with no further incident. supplemental information from ACN 463153: Captain made an unscheduled landing in MSY. treatment given was listed via the Captain and against passenger will; continued to FLL without her,Communication Environment;Other
463590,IN my weather briefing; I was advised to contact kingsley approach 35 Nautical Mile from klamath. I had flight following from ZOA. my passenger; another pilot; and I were both listening for Air Traffic Control to switch us to ZSE after passing mt shasta. when I called oakland to advise a Visual Flight Rules descent; they said they had called me and I was supposed to be talking to seattle. I switched to seattle who told me to contact kingsley. by the time I contacted kingsley; I was inside their 35 Nautical Mile area. although we heard oakland talking to other traffic; we never heard them call me,Communication Environment
465390,TAIPEI ground control instructed us to taxi to taxiway N10 and hold short of runway 5L. my First Officer RPTED the clearance back to ground control. I repeated the clearance to the crew. I taxied to taxiway N10 and held short of runway 5L at taxiway N10. I saw an aircraft turning off runway 5L at taxiway N7; then TAIPEI ground control instructed us to make a left turn onto runway 5L and turn left at taxiway N8 and taxi via runway 5R. my First Officer repeated the clearance back to ground control and I repeated the clearance to the crew and we all agreed on the clearance. I looked down the runway and I DIDN't see any aircraft on final approach or in position for takeoff on runway 5L. as I taxied onto runway 5L and started my left turn on the runway I saw aircraft lights on the departure end of the runway. I could not tell if the aircraft was holding in position or if it was on a takeoff roll. I stopped my aircraft 1/2 way through the turn with 1/2 my aircraft on the runway. I told my First Officer to call ground control and tell them we're on the runway and there'S an aircraft in position at the other end. at this time it was apparent that the aircraft was rolling down the runway at us. my First Officer made several calls to ground control but ground control would not answer us. we could not turn off the runway. the aircraft rotated at approximately taxiway N7 several thousand feet in front of us and passed about 300 feet over our heads. ground control told us to continue taxiing. there was a lot of CHINESE yelling in the BACKGND from the tower; but when we called ground control to tell them we were on the runway when the aircraft took off; we got no response from ground control or the tower. this incident was not caused by any language difficulties; but by a controller'S bad instructions and bad Air Traffic Control coordination between the ground controller and the tower controller. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR indicated that the aircraft taking off was a WDB aircraft. it went directly overhead by 300 feet or less. RPTR was not XFERRED to the local controller for taxi on the runway involved and was not able to make it clear to the ground controller what the problem was until after the fact. construction was the reason the runway was used for taxi. it has since been completed; however; on return trips the runway taxi route has still been assigned,Communication Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
467087,EYE tissue XFER from effingham; IL; to AXB. flight originally showed path to be clear of XZ airport. was in contact with ZZZ approach; and was given a heading that would take me across n side of ZZZ. this was first trip to this particular location; and was flying an aircraft with somewhat different avionics set up from aircraft normally flown; (in maintenance); so I was concentrating on approach instructions and tuning radios; and DIDN't realize I had penetrated ZY class D airspace until approach ZZZ indicated 'radar contact 4 1/2 mile S of ZY airport.' my assigned heading (250 degree) took me clear of the class D within a few seconds; and I noticed no traffic conflicts at that time. about that time I was switched to XZ tower for vectors through traffic; and I did not contact XY tower as I was clear of the actual time Of arrival by that time. I should have planned for the possibility that I would be vectored through the XY class D space; but I let myself become distracted and lost POSITIONAL awareness. in the future I will plan for 'changes of plans;' have frequencies that I may need readily available; and keep track of my position more closely; especially in an urban area with numerous small airports in the area. it is also easy to forget that even though you are in contact with approach and being vectored; you still have the responsibility of contacting other controling agencies when you enter their airspace,Familiarity;Preoccupation
467535,I was the Pilot Flying. during descent into TPA on the DARBS 1 arrival; and after getting cleared and crossing LEGGT intersection at FL270; I expected a usual clearance to cross TABIR intersection at 13000 feet and DARBS at 10000 feet. as we were now at FL250 and inside the top of descent point for a comfortable 3:1 ratio descent; I asked the Captain to query ZJX. he declined. then ZJX gave us the clearance to slow to 270 Knots Indicated Airspeed (from 330 Knots) and cross TABIR at 13000 feet; 22 mile from the fix! we would have required 36 Nautical Mile (3:1) and another 6 Nautical Mile to slow to 270 Knots. the Captain maintained that since the controller had given the clearance late; he NEEDN't inform the controller that we needed an amended clearance; or relief from the crossing restrict. as a loss of separation WASN't an issue (no other traffic); I did my best (with full speed brakes extended) to near TABIR at as close to the clearance as possible. I crossed the fix at 15000 feet (2000 feet high) and at 330 Knots Indicated Airspeed (60 Knots fast). the ZJX controller switched us to TPA approach control; and nothing else was said,Attitude
468080,DISPATCH deviation guide procedure erroneously omitted. aircraft dispatched to fly from MSP to sea on mar/XA/00 without proper dispatch deviation guide inspection of dispatch deviation guide item #78-5. maintenance notified,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
468596,CLRED for visual approach to runway 12R at MSP. restrict to 170 Knots Indicated Airspeed until 5 mile final. aircraft in front of us was an A320 also restrict to 170 Knots Indicated Airspeed until 5 mile final. Air Traffic Control (MSP approach) advised we had 4 mile spacing. while on approach; we closed to about 3 mile on the A320 (confirmed visually and on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II). at 5 mile final; we slowed to our final approach speed (155 Knots Indicated Airspeed) and contacted MSP tower. tower cleared us to land and advised we had 40 Knots Indicated Airspeed overtake on the A320. the Captain elected to continue the approach but REBRIEFED the go around procedures. the A320 touched down and it appeared that the A320 would clear by the time we touched down. the A320 then rolled out almost to the end of runway 12R and turned off on taxiway A12 (9500 feet down runway 12R). it appeared that we would touch down after they cleared and the Captain continued the approach and began the flare. the A320 stopped on taxiway A12 and we touched down with their tail still obstructing runway 12R. in retrospect; we should have gone around prior to 100 feet above ground level when the A320 still was on the runway. however; with 9500 feet of available runway; I do not believe safety was compromised,Proficiency
469050,ALTDEV after clearance received. female controller with very thick german accent issued clearance to FL330. First Officer confirmed FL330. through FL257 she came back issuing immediate descent to FL250. we queried her clearance to FL330. she said she never issued clearance and had handed us off to center frequency of 125.330. apparently she was stepped on while she issued the frequency change and all we heard was .330. however the First Officer had read back FL330 and asked if a 2000 feet rate of climb was still required. she replied; 'pilot'S discretion out of FL250.,Communication Environment;Pressure
469576,NO proper authority/authorized to manufactured parts. also; structural integrity of parts reused,Resource Deficiency
472680,35 mile E of ELP at FL330; XA50Z; Captain passed out. I summoned the #1 flight attendant and she and the #3 flight attendant started to revive the Captain. I called ZAB and declared an emergency; then requested vectors to el PASO. within a few minutes; Captain regained limited consciousness. we continued to el PASO and landed uneventfully. Captain was then transported to a local hospital,Physical Factors
473210,WE were cleared for takeoff runway 30 at IAD. after departure; we were assigned a heading of 305 degree which I read back to Air Traffic Control (IAD tower/ground) as I set in the heading bug. shortly after we were switched to departure; I checked in with departure. a short time after that; we received an Resolution Advisory alert. it was Visual Flight Rules and we both saw the traffic and RPTED that to departure. departure asked our heading and I replied 305 degree. they said 'you were assigned 350 degree; now fly heading 020 degree.' I set the heading bug and read back 020 degree. at heading 020 degree the Captain (Pilot Flying) asked to verify assigned heading. departure said 350 degree; which we then set in and read back. then there was some confusion with our call sign for a number of XMISSIONS. we proceeded on course without any further incident,Other;Pressure
473639,A flight attendant advised us that a child hit his head while in the mother'S care. no laceration or abnormal reactions were shown by the child. the mother claimed that the child jumped out of her arms. I notified my airline that we needed paramedics to meet the aircraft and Air Traffic Control for priority handling (for landing). callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated that the child was a little girl around 2 YRS old. he believes that the seat belt sign was turned on; when the child took a 'nose dive' out of the mother'S lap. she had a big knot on her head. when the Captain went back to see them; he came away with a very disturbing feeling that the mother WASN't watching the child; IE; lack of supervision. paramedics took the child off,Other
474027,UPON arrival into Standard Terminal Arrival Route; BARET 4; we had multiple frequency changes when requesting lower. held high by Air Traffic Control; given 'turn 15 degree left' twice off of arrival. another frequency change; 3 speed change requests; a 'direct to pillo;' then a direct to BARET. many altitude amendments to initial descent CLRNCS. at one point; ZLA controller asked us what was the heading we were assigned (about 2 clearance changes before). we frankly were unable to remember due to all of the changes from them on this arrival. this all took place in less than 40 mile; we think. it entailed .75 mach; 270 Knots; 260 Knots; back to 'normal speed;' in addition to lateral and vertical rapid-fire changes. it is my opinion that both Air Traffic Control and this cockpit became overloaded. both pilots had our charts out and had the Flight Management System loaded correctly. we knew where we were; but had to continue to alter the flight plan load; and adjust our descent or LEVELOFF. it seemed to all start with late handoff to center controllers (twice) on the descent. we also believe we may have missed a 'heading' in all of this; but neither of us remembers hearing any specific heading assigned. it was very crazy compared to most ARRS; including those into san diego; I know as an experienced Captain that we were task saturated; but still tried to do it all; including descent and approach flows and CHKLISTS. to our knowledge; safety was not compromised; but could have been,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
474440,LANDED runway 9L taxiway right to cross runway 27C/9C to taxiway Celsius to ramp by tower. instead turned right onto runway 27C/9C and taxied down runway. instructed to turn off when able -- no lighted runway sign and not sure if/where runway sign was located since I DIDN't see it. by the time I noticed the light color was wrong; I was already on the runway. there was no conflict,Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
474813,RECEIVED clearance for taxi lax runway 25L via usual route except cross runways 25R and 25L at taxiway 'n;' turn left at 'a' to runway 25L. all is well as we run PRE takeoff checklist until we pass taxiway 'Fahrenheit' and continue E on 'a' to the end. execute 180 degree turn on taxiway and turn right on 'Fahrenheit.' holding short runway 25L. no blue taxiway lights or signage indicated access to runway 25L. this occurred despite all 6 landing lights on. tower ground reveals to us we are not the first and will not be the last! then he (tower ground) goes on to complain about the city not correcting this misleading situation. contributing factor was a complete lack of experience on this taxiway (first time in 22 YRS lax) this side of field is used exclusively by freight aircraft. if I'Mach Number not the first or the last; why did controller not caution me about this very real trap? picture a black hole and you understand the situation,Familiarity;Illusion;Resource Deficiency
477820,WE were air carrier x from MEM to lax; talking to ZLA; FL390; about HIPPI on J-10. we heard ZLA clear 'air carrier Y; descend to FL310.' I acknowledged; 'air carrier x leaving FL390 for FL310.' First Officer was flying; he put FL310 in the Flight Control Unit and we both confirmed. we began a shallow descent. at FL387 the controller called us and said the descent was for 'air carrier Y.' we immediately began a climb back to FL390. as we were initiating our climb the controller said for us to descend to FL310 and 'that would solve the problem' and later thanked us for helping him. I responded to all Air Traffic Control XMISSIONS after that with 'air carrier x' and that seemed to remove any of the confusion about our call sign. we never heard air carrier Y on the frequency previous to this and Air Traffic Control did not give us a 'heads up' about similar call signs. also I think air carrier Y and I both stepped on each other'S READBACK of the clearance initially. crew fatigue; +11 hour duty day. after landing I called our dispatch and requested that a note be added to future air carrier x and air carrier Y releases about similar call signs. air carrier Y goes MSP to san and air carrier x MEM to lax. I also sent in company and pilot'S group safety report IDENTING the problem,Duty Cycle;Other;Physical Factors
478330,ON descent into jan; Automatic Terminal Information Service indicated weather deteriorating. currently; weather was 2400 feet Runway Visual Range with fog. no alternate noted on flight plan. green pages for jan indicated mei; BTR; and MLU. neither one of us had ever been to mei. BTR had 1/4 mile visibility and fog. MLU was clear. we chose MLU as our alternate. on final approach; Runway Visual Range was still 2400 feet. we started to configure the aircraft. when flaps extended to flaps 15 degree; automatic slat fail message illuminated on OAP. we broke off the approach and made a Public Address that we were setting up for another approach. pom in flight control indicated normal operations; just maintain less than 240 Knots Indicated Airspeed with slats extended. I moved the flap handle back to flaps 11 degree hoping the message would clear; which it did. moved flap handle back to flaps 15 degree. automatic slat fail message reappeared. watched slat position indicator for movement. blue takeoff indicator remained illuminated. we discussed the fact that the blue takeoff indicator should not have remained on while the flaps moved from flaps 11 degree to flaps 15 degree. the pom did not seem to have a checklist for the situation we were in. I chose to move to flaps 23 degree. the blue takeoff light remained illuminated. we were still not sure we knew where the slats were -- mid range or fully extended. I decided to move the flaps back to flaps 15 degree; with the intention of retracting the flaps to start all over again. after I moved the flap handle; we heard a thump coming from the back of the aircraft. at this point since we still HD a low Runway Visual Range and fog at the airport; we decided to leave the flaps 15 degree and take off. we had speeds from the pom (129 Knots Indicated Airspeed). we checked the ODM and found our landing distance at 100000 pounds was 3100-3300 feet. runway available was 8500 feet. we informed the flight attendants of the situation; and commenced the approach. approach control asked if we wanted to declare an emergency and I said yes. we made an uneventful approach and landing at jan,Familiarity;Resource Deficiency
478694,WE were issued a descent to FL250; which we read back. reaching FL250; Air Traffic Control said 'air carrier Y; air carrier Y; you are supposed to be at FL270. I see you are almost at FL250; descend to FL240 -- good rate.' we complied. just as we leveled at FL240; we got a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Traffic Advisory of an aircraft at our 1 O'clock position and 800 feet above us. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Traffic Advisory almost immediately ceased as we leveled. nothing further was said by Air Traffic Control. my First Officer and I think that we heard Air Traffic Control correctly. we read back the clearance; with no subsequent correction by Air Traffic Control. we noted there was a similar call sign on our frequency (air carrier Y ABB). Air Traffic Control did not advise us of this; but we did hear him earlier. the Air Traffic Control quote on the previous page may be paraphrased. incidents like this occur because of the frailty of verbal communication which we are forced to depend upon. Air Traffic Control and pilots need data link now,Communication Environment;Other
478740,WINDS aloft much higher than forecasted. vectors around SUAS; at 2700 feet on Instrument Landing System to runway 22 at chippewa valley regional. Instrument Landing System identify lost; started missed approach. advised center that I wanted to go to nearest Visual Flight Rules field; fuel critical. was vectored to red wing. canceled Instrument Flight Rules; went Visual Flight Rules. after landing estimated 45 minutes fuel remaining. let Air Traffic Control help; don't rely on forecast winds. good close by back door. Visual Flight Rules,Physical Environment;Pressure
479215,UPON landing on runway 17 at fargo; we were cleared to taxi clear of the runway at the end and taxi to parking. as we were taxiing n and about 100 yards S of runway 13/31 the tower called and said 'I need you on ground; we are sending an aircraft around (on runway 13) to avoid you.' ground control cleared us to the gate. supplemental information from ACN 479360: the understanding we were to taxi to the ramp while monitoring tower frequency. tower then told us to 'stop short of runway 13; I need you on ground frequency.' aircraft (C172) on final went around. no conflict. tower said we should call ground,Other
479760,RECEIVED Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory (monitor vertical speed/descent/clear of conflict). neither pilot saw aircraft. call later to Air Traffic Control/departure confirmed Visual Flight Rules aircraft in our vicinity; but stated we had legal separation,Other;Unexpected
480258,WE had been cleared to cross 15 Nautical Mile NW of JVL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at and maintain 13000 feet. Captain was flying aircraft with Auto-Pilot engaged and AUTOTHROTTLE off to comply with 270 Knot speed restrict. we briefly descended through 13000 feet; the First Officer announced the altitude deviation; Captain immediately disconnected the Auto-Pilot and immediately corrected back to 13000 feet. at this time; Air Traffic Control queried us to confirm leveling at 13000 feet and we responded to the affirmative. no traffic conflicts were RPTED or observed during this event,
480850,WE were cleared for a visual approach to runway 34R by seattle approach. since we were only a few mile from the threshold this required an early turn. we were also instructed not to pass a B757; aircraft Y; that was established for runway 34L. I configured the aircraft for landing and joined the extended CTRLINE for runway 34R. I saw what appeared to be a DC10; aircraft Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT); approaching the hold lines of the same runway. instead of holding short he was given position-and-hold. seattle tower instructed us to execute a right 360 degree. as we came about the 270 degree point we realized; aircraft W; a B737; was now established for runway 34L and would thus prevent us from finishing our turn. I rolled out of the turn early; crossed both extended CTRLINES and completed the turn as soon as possible; but not before alarming another air carrier flight; aircraft V; for runway 34L. I suspect seattle approach and tower were not coordinating closely enough. had they held aircraft Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) this would not have occurred. I should have executed a go around rather than the right 360 degree which put my flight into further peril,Communication Environment
481282,AN A320 was dispatched with an Minimum Equipment List engine #2 anti-ice valve stuck open. had to do a full thrust; bleeds off; thrust bump takeoff for performance requirements. had to reject takeoff at 120 Knots (V1 at 153) due to #2 engine OVERTEMP (642 degree Celsius -- maximum is 635 degree Celsius). AUTOBRAKES rejected takeoff feature engaged and aircraft decelerated quickly. brake temperatures got as hot as 830 degree Celsius. maintenance advised us to proceed to gate with brake fans running and do not set parking brake at gate. upon arrival at gate; all 4 mains deflated because of high temperature fuse plugs. maintenance came on and was not surprised it OVERTEMPED because the airplane had had '3 previous OVERTEMPS on takeoff prior in the day.' (all were at or after V1; so all FLTS continued to destination). after hearing this; I went back 5-6 pages in logbook and discovered the previous OVERTEMPS -- all were inspected at destination per the airbus maintenance manual -- or so they said. had I known aircraft had a history of OVERTEMPING; I may have elected not to take aircraft on such a high thrust takeoff with high outside air temperatures. furthermore; I cannot believe this aircraft was not taken Out Of Service for further inspection after second OVERTEMP in a day. obviously; a contributing factor was our Minimum Equipment List causing #2 anti-ice valve to be stuck open. but the Minimum Equipment List specifically requires 'full thrust takeoffs must be made.' and there is no prohibitions on thrust bump usage in Minimum Equipment List. corrective actions suggested: 1) provide crews with a minimum of 3 days aircraft maintenance history with release so that we can determine if any 'pencil whipping' is going on in maintenance. (this should be easy with today'S technology.) this should be mandatory and not on a 'requested basis of crew.' 2) I can see an occasional OVERTEMP on engine when operating in outside air temperatures of +100 degree that we normally operate in PHX a and las; but second OVERTEMP should have grounded aircraft immediately for further engine/bleed analysis. 3) perhaps Minimum Equipment List concerning engine anti-ice valve stuck open should be readdressed to contain limitations on maximum outside air temperatures for takeoff and no thrust bumps allowed while operating under the Minimum Equipment List provisions. 4) increase training on how to handle such hot brakes on a rejected takeoff; IE; what temperatures do tire fuse plugs blow? what temperatures should we consider calling fire equipment; etc,Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
482834,ON descent from FL350; we got an altitude alert horn indicating the cabin altitude was at 10000 feet. we followed the proper procedures and declared an emergency. passing FL310 in our descent; we regained control of the cabin altitude; canceled the emergency; and landed uneventfully. we notified our maintenance controller of the problem in the air and on the ground in ZZZ. since we DIDN't have our own maintenance personnel in ZZZ; we were met by contract maintenance. after talking with our maintenance controller; he notified us that he had found what he thought was the problem -- a seal around the aft entry door. it was our understanding he was doing to then clear that maintenance item. about 15 minutes later; the contract maintenance personnel returned and gave the Captain the logbook. he never said a word and did not give us any sticker to put on any deferred item. I saw the Captain look at the logbook; then say 'it looks ok' and gave the release to the agent. upon reaching FL210 in cruise; I got the logbook to see what the maintenance personnel had done and discovered they had deferred the entire pressurization system. we were using that pressurization system in the automatic mode at the time. I brought this to the Captain'S attention. he then called the dispatcher and had the Minimum Equipment List number changed to allow us to use the system in the manual mode. I asked him if he wanted me to operate the pressurization in manual and he said 'no' as it appeared to be working normally,Resource Deficiency
483251,OUR flight was climbing to FL310 on our departure. we were assigned a 300 degree heading to intercept the TTT (maverick) 285 degree radial on the worth 2 departure. as we approached the radial; flight attendant 'a' came to the cockpit and served us water. shortly after this; ZFW cleared us direct to our destination. ZFW then immediately asked us about our position and upon XREFING the First Officer Course Deviation Indicator we realized we were possibly a few degree n of the Standard Instrument Departure radial and that our Lateral Navigation had become disengaged. the Lateral Navigation had previously been engaged to intercept the desired 285 degree radial on our intercept heading. the remainder of the flight was uneventful. accessing this incident; I think I allowed myself to be distracted at a point in the flight that I perceived as non-threatening. the aircraft was on Auto-Pilot with the Lateral Navigation engaged to fly our profile. increased vigilance should prevent recurrence,Preoccupation
483712,DURING the course of our shift; my structures partner and I began disassembling corroded structure around rbl 12; station 395 floor frame. by the end of our shift we had removed INTERCOSTELS 92) aft of station 395 (and respective attach angles/brackets) and had moved 2 pulley assemblies that were attached on the forward side of station 395 frame forward to station 4377 frame for access. (the pulley assemblies were left floating on the cables.) we had worked right up to the end of the shift and in haste when filling out our paperwork/turnover for the evening; my partner forgot to note that the pulley assembles were moved. in addition; during the relocation of the pulley assemblies; we noted that the cable runs stayed relatively CTRED through the frames forward and aft of station 395 frame; and that; per our maintenance practices and standard practices for this action; our interpretation was that we were not required to flag controls in the cockpit or flag the pulley assemblies. since this work was performed we have found that the maintenance practices; as written; did in fact intend for flagging of controls and components in this instance,Duty Cycle;Pressure;Proficiency
484217,HANDED over to ZAU on frequency 118.22. cleared to FL330 was passing FL307 feet in climb. asked rate of climb and given 320 degree heading. we did ask if FL310 would help. no response. passing FL327 to level at FL330 we were given a 270 degree heading. Air Traffic Control gave another aircraft a turn. we were then given a descent to FL310. noticed traffic on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II at 3 O'clock position; at 4 1/2 mile; 600 feet above us. we did get a Traffic Advisory. did call ZAU after landing in MSP on my own. manager on duty said they had an Operational Error and thanked me for calling,Communication Environment;Proficiency
484740,WHILE on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan from CRW to RDU; we were cleared direct and were then told by ZDC to fly the published arrival. before arriving at our first approached fix; ZDC cleared us to jamar; an intermediate fix. we were then told to contact RDU approach control. after contacting approach control; they acknowledged our transmission and told us it would be radar vectors for the Instrument Landing System into RDU. after several minutes; we were asked if we were flying direct RDU. we said no; we were flying a heading and waiting for radar vectors. we were then told to turn right 20 degree for vectors for the approach,
485222,BTWN XA00-XD00; a line of weather built between wichita; ks; kansas city; and chicago forcing most of the traffic S through sectors 02 (wichita hi); 27 (tulsa hi); and 97 (CHAMUTE super hi). traffic management initiatives were non existent or ineffective. these sectors were inundated with overload numbers of traffic. aircraft were not routed S of this area. (all the traffic wanted to go just Federal Aviation Regulation enough to miss the weather; but when you have to vector climb or descend traffic; that do not want to do that) air traffic controllers were working sectors that were unsafe for 3-4 hours at a time without adequate relief. all sector bays were completely full of flight progress strips; with no room for more. an unsafe situation existed; too many airplanes; not enough help. not enough effective flow control,Duty Cycle;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
485870,PERFORMED a go around after approach vectored us for a OPS Base Operations Office-leg-to-final visual approach. strong tailwind component on final. after our go around; tower switched all traffic to opposite runway,Physical Environment
486349,WHILE arriving on the finks 6 over LDN VOR and TACAN (Co-Located); we were encountering aircraft coming off of IAD; I think; that were crossing through the arrival corridor near our altitude. at one point W were asked to provide our own separation from a B727 on the CLBOUT. it was a Visual Flight Rules day and we could see the B727. however; when we altered our rate of descent and heading; the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II went off once with a climb command followed immediately with a monitor vertical speed command. while we could maintain visual separation at all times; it DIDN't seem like the best way to handle traffic flow in and out of washington. having been based in washington for 21 YRS; it seems that the traffic flow is getting over the saturation point for the flow patterns in and out of the area. I don't know of any other Terminal Control Area where you're asked to maintain your own separation before being issued a visual approach to the landing runway. supplemental information from ACN 488335: I am including as much detail as possible so that this does not happen in the future. we departed IAD runway 19L. initial departure frequency 126.65. on contact with departure; we were told turn right heading 220 degree; then heading 250 degree; the heading 290 degree to intercept J149 on course; climb and maintain 10000 feet; then climb and maintain 11000 feet; turn left heading 180 degree; contact IAD departure 118.67. on contact with 118.67; told us to maintain 10000 feet; turn right approximately heading 360 degree; then left turn approximately 200 degree; then back right heading 360 degree; then 350 degree; then heading 330 degree to intercept J149; then cleared to climb and maintain 17000 feet. shortly after that; got a Traffic Advisory on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II that showed aircraft off left side 1400 feet above us and descending. Air Traffic Control said turn right heading 360 degree for traffic. I observed an MD80 off the left side of the aircraft heading toward us and very close. I slowed our climb rate. then we got another Traffic Advisory; followed immediately by a descending Resolution Advisory as he climbed through 12500 feet. we followed the Resolution Advisory guidance. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II indicated; at the time of the Resolution Advisory; that the aircraft (MD80) was 300 feet above us descending; and within 1 mile horizontal. First Officer informed Air Traffic Control of Resolution Advisory and that we were descending. during Resolution Advisory maneuver; Air Traffic Control informed us of traffic at 7 O'clock; maintain visual. we did not; at any time; call traffic in sight; nor did Air Traffic Control stop our climb or stop the other aircraft'S descent. we were then told turn left to heading 240 degree intercept J149. we requested controller'S initials 3 times; and he did not answer 3 times. we did get phone number and frequency change. after frequency change; I used #2 Very High Frequency to call 118.67 and request that tapes be pulled (for investigation). my crew and I believe that this controller lost SITUATIONAL awareness. we are very concerned about his apparent lack of concern before; during or after this event. why were we turned from a southerly to northerly heading into the direct path of another aircraft? when I spoke t my supervisor; who spoke with Air Traffic Control; he said other aircraft 'had a visual' on us. we; of course; did not hear that part of the conversation. something needs to be done in the IAD approach area before someone is killed. this is my 4TH Resolution Advisory in IAD airspace in 2 1/2 YRS,Attitude;Communication Environment;Other;Taskload
486900,I had previously written up a complaint that the aircraft'S engine instrument lights were inoperative. I noted the next day that the problem had been fixed and the MECHS had replaced all of the engine instruments. after takeoff and return to the OPS Base Operations Office; I realized that the 'something ISN't right feeling' was due to the fact the turbine outlet temperature gauge markings were incorrect. I RPTED the incident to maintenance and my supervisor. in the future; during PREFLT; I will be more cautious about looking at the ranges of the instruments during PREFLT,Resource Deficiency
487391,WHILE working combined position on RIC radar COATT sector; FAK sector; final controller. air carrier x advised he had descended 1000 feet to avoid traffic. the problem arose when working combined I tried to get higher from ZDC via land line and there was no answer to the call. I turned and climbed the aircraft and thought to myself I would try again to get the center. I was then distracted by other duties including sequencing traffic to final runway 20 and 2 aircraft to BRV VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range in-trail landing IAD. my instinct when I first signed on to these combined position was to ask for a final controller; I did not. my instinct when I did not get an answer from the center; was to assign air carrier x 8000 feet or turn to a 250 degree heading. I did not do this. to correct this situation from recurring; the position should not be combined or help should be requested. at RIC; staffing office does not allow for help and we have become used to just doing it. to correct this situation; I should listen to that voice that told me to stop then climb or vector and not count on setting back to the center for higher. staffing to allow more position to be open on a regular basis would help,Communication Environment;Preoccupation;Taskload
487811,PAX x was our passenger on our flight on sep/XA/00; JFK-gig. he drank a lot; but was an amiable passenger. MR x returned with us on sep/XB/00; gig to JFK. again he drank a lot; but remained calm; quiet and friendly. after meal and duty free service were completed; flight attendant #4 came to first class to inform me MR x was now sitting on the floor at our flight attendant crew rest area. previously he had nearly fallen on top of flight attendant #4 in the galley. I approached MR x and asked if he was all right. he said he was anxious and depressed. I asked him if he wanted to talk about it. my crew pitched in. they watched the cabin. they started paperwork. I spent the next 2+ hours talking with MR x. he expressed great sadness in his life and feelings of depression. he indicated he was an alcoholic (off the wagon) who began drinking again on our trip on sep/XA/00. he had been sober 125 days. he indicated he wanted to hurt himself on several occasions during our conversation. he said he was on PROZAC. I mentioned combining PROZAC with alcohol was not a good idea. MR x said he had been abusive on a PERVIOUS x airline domestic flight. he was drunk. he hit a wall and seat backs. that flight the Captain came back and talked with him. he said the FBI removed him from the plane. tonight; MR x told me he had a knife in his briefcase; and he wanted to use it on himself. I told him; 'we will have none of that. I do not allow my flight attendants; crew; or passenger to be threatened.' I asked to see the knife. he ignored my request. as time passed; MR x calmed down. he returned to his seat and put on his headphones. a few minutes later; flight attendant #8 informed me he had a knife out. I checked. the knife was gone. a minute later. our flight attendant #4 said; 'he'S holding a swiss army knife in his left hand; tossing it back and forth between both hands. this time; I went to him. I saw him trying to hide the knife. I reached out for it and said; 'give me that. you know better than that. shame on you.' he smiled; and gave me the knife. I took it to the cockpit. the Captain had been advised of entire incident from the beginning. flight attendant #9 advised me that MR x has been on previous FLTS on our airline; and behaved the same way. he got drunk. one of the flight attendants spent a lot of the time talking to him. he then calmed down. he had no knife previously. my concern is; now MR x is carrying and bandying around a swiss army knife. he opens and closes it. he pretends to hide it. he admits he had been violent on FLTS before. my recommendation is; at minimum; refuse to serve MR x any alcohol; and secondly; check his carry-on bags for weapons. once we landed; MR x rushed off flight. I informed the agent of the incident in case MR x claimed his knife. I do not know what he chose to do once he left our flight. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated that the man was in business class. he sat on the floor in the crew rest area; which consisted of some curtained-off seats in business class. the crew COULDN't use the crew rest seats for their breaks; because she was sitting on a seat; and the man was sitting on the floor; talking for 2 1/2 hours. the man had been refused more alcohol several hours earlier; before falling on the galley flight attendant. she believes that he was just playing a game with the swiss army knife; and probably WASN't trying to injure himself. she never asked the Captain to call for police or the FBI to meet the flight,Attitude;Other;Pressure
488348,I called SGF ground control on 121.9 and gave my position and requested my Instrument Flight Rules clearance to wiley post (PWA). I received my clearance and was cleared to taxi n to runway 2. I taxied n and accidentally turned onto taxiway Celsius; then left on runway 2. as I looked up at the runway; I saw a mooney on final; then realized what I had done. I immediately exited runway 2 on taxiway E; faced the tower and called ground; told them that I had made a mistake. (during this time mooney; on final; aborted the landing). ground then gave me instructions to turn 180 degree onto taxiway n and taxi to runway 2 again. I then finished my PREFLT and run-up and was clear to depart runway 2. then later got a call from ZKC to call SGF tower once I had landed. the controller said that Flight Standards District Office would be in contact with me either by phone or wiring. the only thing I can think of why this may have happened that I was thinking too much ahead and not paying close attention to what I was doing at the time. I have put a lot of time and money into trying to be a safe; proficient pilot and certainly hope it DOESN't all go to waste. I do truly realize the dangerous situation that could have acquired. my radio was on 121.9 the entire time; and I would have thought they would have contacted me as soon as I turned onto runway 2 and told me to clear the runway. I do realize that I am responsible for my own actions; but I am very disappointed that the ground controller DIDN't take action before I did. and believe me; it scares the heck out of me to think that ground controller is not looking out for sits like this. we all make mistakes and need to look out for one another. in the future; I plan to study the airport diagram; and pay a lot closer attention and request progressive taxi and monitor the tower at the same time,Preoccupation;Proficiency
490273,ACFT was cleared to push back from the gate by ramp control. had 2 wing walkers and a tug driver. during the PUSHBACK/start checklist; the aircraft beacon was overlooked. after moving approximately 5 feet backward; we struck the windshield of a refueling truck with our left wingtip. very minor damages. maintenance checked the aircraft and cleared us to continue. the fuel truck was located inside the safety lines,Proficiency
490464,ON OCT/XA/00 at XA45; I was taxiing aircraft x from the hangar to the runway 19R run-up pad for engine runs. tower instructed me to taxi via taxiway B; taxiway g; hold short of runway 13/31. I proceeded to taxi to taxiway g; then turned NBOUND on taxiway g with the intent to hold short of runway 13/31. with no indication of runway 13/31 on taxiway g traveling NBOUND; I proceeded to taxi to the oncoming wigwag lights realizing I had just crossed the intended hold short runway. in hindsight I should have stopped; looked at an airport Missed Approach Point; or asked the tower for progressive. factors in my fault I believe are the following: visibility -- as you will see on the attached report; I had reduced visibility; which turns out to be the reason tower had me hold short of the runway. nonstandard given taxi route -- maintenance personnel are hardly ever instructed to taxi the above said route due to an inconvenient route. finally; markings -- as you will see on the attached report; I had no indication; traveling NBOUND on taxiway g; where runway 13/31 crossed taxiway g,Familiarity;Physical Environment
490748,CLRNC for departure scholes 6; climb 4000 feet. after takeoff clearance we were given left turn to 150 degree heading; maintain 4000 feet. out of approximately 1500 feet climbing and in the left turn to 150 degree our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave off Traffic Advisory at approximately 500 feet above us and about 12 O'clock position. I began to LEVELOFF as the First Officer called the traffic in sight. the controller called to advise of the traffic. the call came as the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave us Resolution Advisory and called for a descent. we leveled out at 1400 feet as we advised the tower that the citation would pass over top of us,Other
492781,ATC facility: zhu. location: MARIT. First Officer'S leg. given MARIT at 10000 feet Mean Sea Level a little late. initiated descent at 300 Knots Indicated Airspeed clean power off. approximately 7 mile prior to MARIT; called houston and told them we would not make the crossing altitude restrict at MARIT. hou gave no guidance as to what to do. called again and was cleared to intercept the runway 12R localizer. no traffic conflict was noted,Resource Deficiency
493340,ON NOV/XA/00 at OXD; my instructor told me I could solo; but could not leave the pattern because hamilton'S (hao) Automated Surface Observation System was RPTING 7 Statute Mile and a layer at 3000 feet. after departure; I turned crosswind at 1700 feet Mean Sea Level. at 1800 feet Mean Sea Level; the visibility started getting worse. at 1900 feet Mean Sea Level; I lost sight of the airport and descended to 1600 feet Mean Sea Level. after this; I called OXD UNICOM to get assistance from my instructor who asked me to describe landmarks in sight. after not being able to describe any known landmarks; I was instructed to contact cincinnati approach control. shortly after contacting approach; I informed them that I recognized a landmark and that I was returning to UNICOM frequency. on my approach to OXD; I was approximately 1300 feet Mean Sea Level due to deteriorating weather conditions. I did not see the airport until I was over the top of it. then I circled around and made a safe landing. because of the weather conditions; I overflew a nearby house at less than Minimum Safe Altitude (500 feet above ground level). contributing factors: the nearest weather RPTING station is hao and was RPTING the following conditions: XA53Z -- 7 mile visibility broken at 3700 feet; XB53Z -- 7 mile visibility overcast at 3900 feet; XC39Z -- (just after I landed) 5 mile visibility broken 3000 feet overcast 3700 feet. after departing; the weather deteriorated rapidly at OXD,Physical Environment
493839,AFTER takeoff; while still climbing; my ears blocked quickly. the pressure was so intense; that I could not perform my job duties. I called the other flight attendants to ask for help. at that time; I was told that passenger were complaining; screaming and crying due to ear pressure. I notified the cockpit; but was barely able to hear their response. the cockpit advised me to prepare for landing; as they were already aware of a pressurization problem. I was in so much pain; that I began to cry. we landed safely in SJC; where the aircraft was put out of commission and the passenger were rescheduled on another aircraft. I went to a doctor after returning to los angeles and calling in sick for stress. my doctor advised me that he could see damage done to my ears,Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
496310,DSCNT to EFD (home airport) cleared by zhu to 'cross candi Initial Approach Fix at 16000 feet.' this is normally (at least 50 times for me) followed by switching to approach control and approach clearance receipt. this time I had not been switched to approach control and had not been cleared for approach (hi -- Instrument Landing System runway 35 EFD). upon reaching candi; I called leaving 16000 feet (just like I always do); forgetting I had not received approach clearance. center sent me to approach frequency; but made no correction to my calling out of 16000 feet. approach then admonished me for commencing approach and descent without clearance. I was about 14000 feet by then. they then gave further vectors (7000 feet and 150 degree) and I apologized; realizing my error. the primary culprit here is complacency and over-familiarity with the scenario. I need to be more alert to the unexpected,Attitude;Proficiency;Unexpected
496948,AFTER landing and exiting runway 31C; we were told by the tower controller to 'cross runway 31R; taxi via taxiway n and taxiway P; hold short runway 22L; contact ground.' the clearance was read back and we switched to ground control. ground instructed us to taxi via taxiway n; taxiway P; cross runway 22L. the First Officer read back the clearance. I repeated the clearance to the First Officer and we continued our taxi. as we crossed runway 22L the ground controller advised us that we were told to hold short of runway 22L. there was no traffic on the runway or approach. the First Officer told the controller that he (the First Officer) had read back a clearance to cross runway 22L. ground then said that it was 'ok; there'S no problem.' we continued our taxi to the gate. I think that some of the contributing factors were: 1) the lack of a READBACK of the hold short instruction by the First Officer. he instead read back the clearance that we both heard. 2) the ground controller not requesting the required runway hold short READBACK. 3) the fact that no mention of runway 22R was ever made by ground control; even though it must be crossed in order to reach runway 22L. 4) the ground controller was busy with numerous aircraft that were waiting on TXWYS for their gates. the gates and ramps were congested with aircraft being deiced. supplemental information from ACN 496937: I know I heard taxi t other gate and it is what I read back. if it WASN't what the ground controller said; he should have corrected me,Communication Environment;Taskload
497703,DURING boarding; this passenger kept going back and forth to the lavatory. due to frozen oxygen pipes; we were 1 hour late departing so people were a little restless. by the third time this passenger went to the lavatory - within a 1/2 hour period -- I began to get a bit suspicious; especially since he was carrying his suitcase in the lavatory with him. after he came out; I checked the lavatory and then informed the Captain of my suspicions. the passenger and his wife were originally in row XX; but asked to move back XZ. passenger insisted on keeping his carry-on suitcase near him (later found out there was a bottle of vodka inside). the passenger went in and out of lavatory several more times before we left the gate. he told me his wife had kidney problems. the lavatory light smoke detector went off 3 times; but I never found any signs of 'evidence' (smoke; butts; etc). as we taxied out; they both acted strange. he would seem to get angry and she would comfort him; then she would start crying and angry and he'D hug her. both the #4 flight attendant and I thought they were a bit 'odd.' during takeoff; the passenger was 'bracing;' holding his ankles and yelling. his wife calmed him down and he seemed fine. as I rolled the carts up the aisle to start the service; the passenger followed me up and asked me when he could have a drink. he went back to his seat then just started screaming 'help me; help me.' I asked his wife if he was ok and again she calmed him down. he started yelling again and ran down the aisle to the lavatory. he was screaming and pounding in the lavatory. at that point; I called the Captain and explained the situation and told him I WASN't feeling comfortable with this passenger'S behavior. he told me to keep an eye on him and 'call back if there'S any more problems -- we can land if necessary.' within 5 minutes the passenger was crawling on the floor; yelling; and WOULDN't settle down. Captain turned the SEATBELT sign on. passenger complied; but still continued to yell and swing his arms; growling and moaning. he stood up again and screamed 'help me; help me.' at that time; lots of other passenger were looking back. I called the Captain; explained what was happening and requested to land and get him off. I felt threatened; I know other passenger felt the same. the passenger was asked to put on his SEATBELT. he asked me if we were going to crash. he again started screaming 'help me; get me out' and ran off to the lavatory. he was screaming and banging in the lavatory. I then asked his wife if he was going to be ok and if he'D ever been in an airline 'incident' since he seemed so afraid of flying and staying in a SEATBELT. she said he'D never been in a crash or incident and had flown quite often. he was screaming and crying at the top of his lungs in the lavatory; so I asked the wife to go assist him. also informed her that we'D be landing in detroit to let them off since he was threatening to and scaring both crew and passenger. she apologized and complied. on final descent; I checked the cabin and noticed passenger DIDN't have his SEATBELT on. I asked him to buckle up and he started crying and cowering like a little boy. he buckled up for about 10 seconds then got angry and got up out of his seat yelling. since we were minutes from landing; I grabbed him as he started running up the aisle; but he pushed me out of his way. the #4 flight attendant then went after him; pulling on his clothes to get him to stop. he continued up the aisle; yelling to 'get me off; I want out.' I then called the Captain to let him know the passenger was coming up front and was irate. the passenger made it to first class and then fell to the floor. the Captain asked if we needed help and the #7 flight attendant and I both said we needed help. the Captain came out and the #4 flight attendant ended up restraining him,Attitude;Other;Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
498340,ASSIGNED 2 MECHS a job card to do a ram air turbine deployment. MECHS followed maintenance manual; completed task and signed off job card. they may not have known the item needed to have to be inspected after completion. because maintenance manual or job card DOESN't tell them this; they signed all items off and informed me that aircraft was ready to be put back into service. so I proceeded to return aircraft to service; and then later that morning was told by foreman that the ram air turbine required inspection look at it before aircraft was returned to service. aircraft was flying when I was informed of this,Proficiency
498900,TOOK off from SNA behind B737-300 (aircraft Y) with instructions to maintain visual separation with B737 at our 11 O'clock position. they were given a left turn across out path. safety was not in doubt; but Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II did activate and we did reduce our climb rate momentarily. had departure issued our turn to the left prior to the B757'S turn to the right; the distance between aircraft would never have decreased. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR advised this was a 'one time only' type operation that he has encountered. the RPTR advised that the departure controller sounded as if the 2 aircraft were not in the place as he expected them to be,Unexpected
503132,DEPARTING toronto on runway 23 local authorities want to get the word out that the use of taxiway Q is not automatic when cleared for takeoff. the primary taxiway h joins the runway short of full length. when cleared for takeoff; you are faced with using what appears to be an intersection short of full length or using Q which goes to the end a short taxi further. upon entering Q on 3/XX/01 tower said something along the line of; 'oh I see you have turned onto Q. we like to be notified prior the use of Q;' and then he cleared us for takeoff again. the Captain had a short talk with him as we departed and was advised it was a continuing local problem which they track and asked if we could help get the word out,Other
503770,CTR advised us that our planned arrival (lander 3) into denver was changed to the SAYGE 3 and to cross SAYGE at 14000 feet. the Flight Management System was programmed for the new arrival including the crossing restrict; and the Auto-Pilot was configured properly for the Vertical Navigation to cross SAYGE at 14000 feet. I was in the process of obtaining Automatic Terminal Information Service at den when Air Traffic Control asked if we could make the crossing altitude. it was at that time that I noticed the aircraft had proceeded beyond the top of descent point without starting down. I advised Air Traffic Control we were descending at this time. we reached 14000 feet; 3 mile past SAYGE. it was the crew'S error to identify the aircraft had past the top of descent point,Proficiency
504370,ENRTE from CLT to fay Captain went off radio frequency to talk to company and look up correct approach plate. when I returned to frequency and looked at navigate instruments; I noticed that we were somewhat n of course; and queried First Officer if we were on a vector; worried that we were close to a restrict area. was about to ask controller when he (controller) came on and gave us a 050 degree heading saying he may be able to 'get us in a little faster.' he gave us a couple more vectors; then cleared us for a visual approach. nothing was mentioned so I assumed there was no problem. no further or other questions. what could have been done better: better communication and POSITIONAL awareness between crew members when one of them is busy doing other cockpit tasks,Preoccupation
505039,WHILE taxiing out of my gate; my left wingtip struck another wingtip of another ATR72 aircraft. I observed Company Ground Personnel at my left wingtip. as I looked forward; my lead RAMPER was waving me straight ahead. as I got clearance from ramp tower to the S left side out; I released brakes and taxied forward. I then ordered my First Officer 'flaps 15 degree.' as I looked left; I felt fine that I had adequate spacing from my angle. I looked forward to the lead MARSHALLER as I followed company Standard Operating Procedure'S and procedures. a bump was felt and I immediately stopped the aircraft. I thought maybe I ran over a chock; but company safety personnel were at the aircraft. I taxied back to gate; secured the aircraft; and went outside to check what had happened. I feel that if there were qualified ground personnel or wing walkers it would have helped. also; if there were good ground markings for parkers to follow would have aided. more ramp space at the airport also would have helped. and as always; a constant vigilance by all CAPTS is a must for SITUATIONAL awareness. supplemental information from ACN 505248: RAMPER in front of our aircraft waving us forward. after bump was felt; he then motioned for us to stop. found we had scraped wingtips with other aircraft. nose RAMPER thought other RAMPER was watching wingtip. Captain thought both RAMPERS were in place,Other;Resource Deficiency
505685,WE took off from LGA with bleeds off; UNPRESSURIZED; due to Minimum Equipment List'ed inoperative Auxiliary Power Unit. at approximately 1500 feet Mean Sea Level; aircraft bleed air was RECONFIGURED as per supplemental normal checklist and a loud bang was heard shortly thereafter. we assumed this was the outflow valve closing abruptly. climbing through approximately 3500 feet Mean Sea Level we heard the flight attendants ringing the call bell. we made several attempts to contact the cabin crew unsuccessfully after which the lead flight attendant entered the cockpit to inform us we had 'smoke in the cabin' and 'heat' at approximately row 7. we immediately declared an emergency and requested vectors for a return to LGA. the 'smoke and fumes' procedure in the Quick Reference Handbook was initiated. after approximately 5 minutes; the lead flight attendant returned to the cockpit to advise us the smoke had cleared and to confirm that we were returning to LGA. she also requested an estimated time Of arrival and was informed we would be landing within 15 minutes. the cockpit crew then removed oxygen masks and goggles; terminated the Quick Reference Handbook procedure; and focused on the approach and landing. landing was accomplished within 10 minutes from the time we declared the emergency. other factors: 1) during CLBOUT; we determined the #1 engine EPR gauge was not functioning properly. AUTOTHROTTLES were not available as a result; thereby increasing workload. 2) pilots and flight attendants felt more communication between us would have been beneficial; but very difficult due to the short time and very heavy workload preparing for landing. 3) also discussed whether diverting to EWR or JFK would have been a better choice but felt that time and distance were prohibitive. LGA was closer and; having just departed; we knew the weather conditions there. 4) also discussed the necessity for ground evacuate/evacuation but felt that once the smoke had been cleared; the immediate danger was over and that the potential for injury during evacuate/evacuation was a greater risk,Pressure;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
506260,ATR 42 was rolling for takeoff. at rotation; First Officer advised me that an aircraft (C402) was taxiing onto our runway at our 1:30 position for intersection takeoff. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: flight crew could not see the C402 moving onto the runway at the intersection from their position. when they told tower that there was an aircraft on the runway it seemed that the tower was unaware of the position of the cessna. the miss distance was about 30 feet as they went by the cessna,Proficiency
508190,WE were assigned 310 Knots on the glen rose arrival. we were to be at hirst at 11000 feet. at the last minute; the controller told us to comply with the speeds on the Standard Terminal Arrival Route. I replied that we would need relief at fever; because we were right on top of it. this was granted. the First Officer was flying. I did not convey properly my concern that he make the restrict of hirst at 11000 feet and 250 Knots. his technique was going to achieve neither. I repeated that he needed to get down; but he was still not being aggressive enough. I again called Air Traffic Control and asked for relief at hirst. he replied 'roger; maintain 11000 feet.' as I was referring to speed as before at fever; I took it that we were to still cross hirst at 11000 feet; but we could do it at the 270-280 Knots we still had. the First Officer still did not respond as I thought he should. the third time I admonished him; he did acknowledge me; but did not change the aircraft'S attitude; power or drag. I finally insisted that he duck under and get to 11000 feet now; which he did. we crossed hirst at 11600 feet-11700 feet. there was no comment from the controller. after a sloppy approach which; while not unsafe or out of our parameters for a stabilized approach; was not aggressive enough at all; but high and fast. we landed at DFW; runway 17C. the approach was uncomfortably abrupt from a technique point of view; but I did not feel the need to take control; but rather informed him of the parameters he was not making during the approach so he would correct them. I talked with him before our last flight home. he indicated that he thought the restrict at hirst was not applicable after the controller'S last transmission to just maintain 11000 feet. I can see how this interpretation could be correct. I did not address the approach; so as not to be viewed as attacking him personally; as I did not want to exacerbate any personality clashes that may be developing,Attitude
508672,AFTER normal approach and landing on runway 09 at cedar rapids; I taxied the airplane off at taxiway alpha and proceeded to taxi toward taxiway charley for a turn to get us to gate. as we rounded the corner I felt a slight tug on the right side of the airplane; which was barely noticeable. the airplane was on the taxiway CENTERLINE from my view; so I thought we had a dragging brake. after parking; I inspected the right main gear and saw dirt on both tires. I then assumed that we had gone into the grass and called maintenance who had the airplane inspected. on arriving at the airport the next morning I had airport security take the crew to the area to inspect it. this was after we had been informed that the airport authorities had found dirt on the taxiway at the point where we experienced the bump. it appears to me that another airplane may have taxied off the taxiway and left dirt on the taxiway edge and that this was what we ran over. after visual inspection of the taxiway area where taxiway a joins taxiway Celsius at cid; it appears that the curving taxiway CENTERLINE contributed to approaching the edge of the taxiway during the turn from a to Celsius. where the line from taxiway a extended an additional 15 to 20 feet before it curves into the taxiway Celsius CENTERLINE it would significantly increase the safety margin during the turn,Resource Deficiency
509163,NORTH american P51D contacted IND approach just off of MQJ and informed approach that I was landing IND. approach then gave a code to squawk and I was told to expect runway 23L; but no heading to fly or altitude to maintain to my recollection. I requested a 360 degree overhead approach to which the controller said that he would check with the tower and which was subsequently approved and I was told to contact the IND tower controller. upon contact with the tower control; he said I could expect the overhead break and that I was #2 to follow traffic 12 - 1 O'clock position; and I believe he said it was a beech 1900. I sighted the traffic approximately 3-4 mile ahead of and to the right of me and advised the tower controller that I had the traffic in sight. the tower controller said that I was #2 for runway 23L. the controller did not tell me to follow the aircraft; maintain visual separation with that aircraft or give me any guidance at all; just that I was #2. I was approximately on a 2 mile final when the tower controller asked if I was going to overtake the other aircraft. I responded 'I can do a 360 degree turn if you want.' then the controller asked if I still had that traffic in sight; to which I replied; 'no I don't have the traffic.' the controller then told me to make a left turn and that the traffic was 200 feet below me. there was no indication by the controller of any urgency when I was told to make the turn. it was at this time that the pilot of the other aft said that I had just passed 100 feet over him and that he was responding to an Resolution Advisory that he had received on his Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. after initiating a left turn; the tower controller cleared me to land on runway 23L. while I was taxiing in; the ground controller asked me to give them a call,Attitude;Other;Resource Deficiency
509408,THE problem arose during the approach and landing phase of my flight from aeronautical county airport; mckinney; TX; to shreveport downtown airport; shreveport; la. I was originally scheduled to arrive at barksdale Air Force Base; la; at XC00 on APR/FRI/01. the weather at my point of departure and along part of my route of flight delayed my departure from aeronautical county airport. at XA30 on APR/FRI/01; I called 1-800-weather-brief and received a briefing indicating improved weather conditions by XC00. the briefer indicated that there were no NOTAMS in effect during my planned flight time of XC00 to XE00. I telephoned ahead that my arrival at barksdale Air Force Base would be delayed from XC00 until approximately XD30-XE00. I was told to land at shreveport downtown airport if I arrived during that time period and to telephone him upon my arrival in order to schedule a later arrival into barksdale. I departed aeronautical county airport at XC10 and continued Visual Flight Rules along my route until I arrived at shreveport downtown airport at XD40. the Visual Flight Rules sectional chart by which I NAVED indicated that controled airspace commenced at 1600 feet Mean Sea Level. accordingly; I approached shreveport downtown airport at an altitude of 1300 feet Mean Sea Level in order to stay clear of the controled airspace. the Visual Flight Rules chart indicated a Common Traffic Advisory Frequency frequency of 123.0. accordingly; I flew a normal left-hand traffic pattern; making all Traffic Advisory calls on 123.0 and landing on runway 15 at shreveport downtown. after taxiing to the ramp and shutting down my aircraft; I was approached and informed that I was required to call regional approach control as a temporary flight restrict was in effect from XD30 until XE00 for an area within a 10 Nautical Mile radius of barksdale Air Force Base. additionally; I was informed that shreveport downtown airport now had a control tower in place and was no longer operating under Common Traffic Advisory Frequency rules for an UNCTLED airport. I have learned the following from this incident: 1) do not rely solely on a telephone briefing for information regarding existing NOTAMS; 2) do not rely solely on information printed on current Visual Flight Rules charts for frequency information or indication of an existing control tower and controled airspace. this incident could have been avoided had I contacted regional approach rather than simply staying clear of published controled airspace and conducting an UNCTLED Visual Flight Rules approach and landing,Other
509856,AT XA:03Z; one MSP tower controller was controling both runway 30L and 30R on different frequencies and I thought I heard our aircraft to 'position and hold; 30L; be ready for an immediate.' I responded 'roger; call sign; position and hold 30L.' at the same time; unknown to us; another aircraft squashed my response. we were in position for approximately one minute; when the tower controller sent an aircraft around and told us to vacate the runway. at XA:10Z a different controller again cleared us for takeoff. several days later; after talking to a MSP tower supervisor; we determined that if the tower controller had heard my response; he would have told us that the takeoff clearance was not for us. I think this situation could have been prevented if there had been one controller for each runway or if very light traffic; one controller using only one frequency for both runways. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that the combining of frequencies with any other tower function should be avoided when using multiple runways. he also believes that by doing this; it would be the single strongest action the Federal Aviation Administration can take to mitigate the runway incursion problem,Communication Environment
510240,EARLY evening; weather: dry and good visibility on surface. on taxiway at lax; holding between gate x and gate Y WBOUND. cleared into the alley via transition. missed turn at gate x and stopped aircraft between gate Y and gate Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). airport operations was called and cleared right side of aircraft to allow further taxi to gate Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). remainder of taxi was uneventful,Proficiency
510494,I was taking over a company aircraft from another pilot. I had not flown this particular aircraft for 8 months. I am an experienced aerial survey pilot; but I was distraction by my rustiness with the aircraft and the use of a new aerial survey navigate system. while I tried to be attentive; the one checklist item I missed was to put the transponder to 'altitude.' it was during the return to our OPS Base Operations Office airport that I discovered the omission and I did turn it on at that time. I had been flying over the SLC class B airspace for some 3 hours. no class B airspace was violated; but I was in the veil area. from the start I decided not to talk to Air Traffic Control because we could completely avoid class B airspace and were close enough to the airport to avoid corridors and I DIDN't need the added distraction Air Traffic Control adds to these missions. the Near Midair Collision was a combination of no squawk and no talk. had I contacted Air Traffic Control; the squawk problem would have been solved. although talking with Air Traffic Control very evidently causes problems for us in that Air Traffic Control seems to consider us an annoyance and is often uncooperative in allowing us to utilize our airspace; if Air Traffic Control were more cooperative with aerial survey missions I would not be so reticent to use them when; technically; I DIDN't have to. whenever I fly in controller'S airspace (class B; Celsius; or D); I am in contact with the controllers. this Near Midair Collision would have been prevented by a flawless checklist completion and/or talking with Air Traffic Control,Attitude;Communication Environment;Familiarity;Preoccupation
510630,RECEIVED Air Traffic Control clearance from LFCD clearance on 121.8 at the end of runway 16R. awaiting takeoff; confirmed it was the elba 5A departure Standard Instrument Departure. main runway in use was runway 25. we had to use runway 16R because of being too heavy for runway 25. runway 25 departures use ELBP 5B. runway 16 departures use elba 5A. when airborne; flying the 5A departure; control asked if we were turning left. they said we were intercepting runway 291 degree radial of the 5A departure. they said we should be on the 5B departure. I informed him we were given the 5A departure. he said 'roger.' nothing more was said,Communication Environment
511048,WE were cleared after takeoff to fly runway heading 220 degree; climb to 4000 feet Mean Sea Level. after departure we were told to contact roa departure on frequency 135.00. we were told to watch for traffic 12 O'clock position heading SBOUND. immediately after contacting roa approach; we were told to go direct BZM. we then received a Traffic Advisory (TCASI). we had a threat at 5 mile 800 feet above us descending. at about 3-5 mile we acquired the cessna visually. we were on a direct collision course. the First Officer was Pilot Flying. I ordered him to push the nose over and descend immediately. the cessna passed directly over the top of us. we cleared by 500 feet. there is no doubt in my mind that had we not initiated our descent when we did we would have hit the other aircraft. the cessna took no action at all; and I do not believe he was aware of our aircraft at all. when I informed roa departure; they told me there was nothing he could do about that. I realize they are not always in contact with Visual Flight Rules aircraft. I don't think controllers realize that a cessna is very hard to spot visually. it is pretty much impossible to acquire one further out than 5 mile. I think LYH needs better radar coverage so they can better separate Instrument Flight Rules and Visual Flight Rules traffic. roa telling me they can't do anything about that would not mean much if airplanes collide,Resource Deficiency
511086,HAVING completed landing on runway 22 and arriving to a full stop (on a-O-windsock indication); I proceeded to exit runway from right center with taxiway forward right at approximately 40 meters. I was stowing flaps in up position and was momentarily in head lowered position. on looking up; discovered that the aircraft was rotating to the left rapidly and was not responsive to full right input on the pedal. I tried to not use the brake and felt that rapid power application would only make the condition worse. the left wing started lifting and as I looked out the right side; the right wing was dropping and I sensed the right gear sliding to the right. I then applied both brakes to try to kill the momentum to prevent an upset; whereupon the right gear buckled under and the right wingtip contacted the runway. the propeller sustained total buckling on 1 tip. in mitigation; I can only report that during removal of the plane from the runway a very strong gust from the left quarter on runway 22 caused all 4 of the people removing the plane to struggle for control. it lasted about 5-7 seconds and then was dead still again; with the sock hanging flat,Physical Environment;Preoccupation
511450,I was returning to oakland about XA00 local time; was handled by bay approach and told to expect runway 27R for landing. when switched to tower; told to land runway 33; #2; and to stay n of coliseum (see drawing). when at point a; I saw an air carrier aircraft on final for runway 27L. I then extended downwind to allow air carrier plane to pass. at point B I turned towards runway 33; and the tower advised that I should have stayed n of runway 27R. (note air carrier planes normally use runway 29; which is closed for resurfacing.) I realize now I should have questioned the tower on how to make pattern when given the clearance; or declined the clearance. it did not occur to me that there would be an aircraft on final to runway 27L while I was on OPS Base Operations Office for runway 33. tower should have given clearer instructions also,Physical Environment;Proficiency
511480,THIS particular flight that I was Pilot In Command on originated out of DTW with CHS being the destination airport. as we approached CHS; we could see on our weather radar that storms were beginning to form at and around the CHS airport. we were easily able to CIRCUMNAV the storms that lay between us and the airport. as we got closer to CHS; we could tell that a fairly large thunderstorm had just passed over the top of the CHS airport. we were informed by ZJX that lightning had struck a radar site at the airport and that we should slow to 250 Knots; which we did. shortly thereafter; we were told to contact charleston approach control. when we switched over to approach; it became very obvious that the controller was very busy. not only was she dealing with the normal traffic load for a SATURDAY; but she was also dealing with aircraft that were deviating to CHS because of the weather. it was very difficult to check on with approach control because of the amount of traffic using the frequency. XMISSIONS were constantly being stepped on by other aircraft. we were finally able to check on and she eventually gave us a heading of NE at 5000 feet. we flew this heading and altitude for awhile until it became obvious we would need to turn back towards the SW because of a thunderstorm line in front of us. because approach was so busy; it was nearly impossible to communicate this with approach. I was the Pilot Not Flying; therefore; I had control of the radios. I tried in vain to contact approach but my XMISSIONS kept getting stepped on by other aircraft'S XMISSIONS. at this point we had no choice but to turn because of the storm that was in front of us by only a few mile. at this point I told the First Officer to begin a right turn towards the SW to avoid the line of thunderstorms. in the middle of the turn; I once again tried to contact approach and tell them we were in a right turn towards the SW to avoid weather. the controller replied by reading a clearance 'turn right to 180 degree and descend to 3000 feet;' at which time I read back the clearance with no response from the controller. we then initiated a descent to 3000 feet. as we passed 4700 feet; the controller told us to return to 5000 feet. we descended to 4500 feet before promptly returning to 5000 feet as the controller instructed. when I queried the controller about our clearance to 3000 feet; she simply stated that we were only cleared to 5000 feet; and gave us a new heading away from the weather. the frequency was too busy to query her further and she never said another thing about the altitude deviation. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II never activated and it appeared there was no conflict with any traffic. before we made our initial turn away from the weather; I did check the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II and did see that there were no aircraft showing up on our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II at our altitude of 5000 feet for the range of the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II (20 mile). we were eventually cleared for a visual approach to runway 15 at CHS after we were vectored back around for the final approach course to runway 15. she then cleared us to tower frequency and we made a landing on runway 15. looking back on our situation; it has become obvious that a chain of events Light Emitting Diode to our situation. obviously with the thunderstorms in the area; and the lightning strike of the radar sight as well as the heavy traffic load; Light Emitting Diode to our misunderstanding. because of so many aircraft on the same frequency it became nearly impossible to communicate with approach; especially when we really needed to avoid the line of thunderstorms. I believe what happened was that I inadvertently read back another aircraft'S clearance. it seemed that the clearance she had just read was directed at us because just a second before I had requested a turn away from the weather; but that transmission was probably stepped on by another pilot. the READBACK that I gave to approach'S clearance to a heading of 180 degree and 3000 feet was also probably stepped on. since approach did not respond to my READBACK; we thought it was the correct clearance. it would have been very prudent in a situation as busy as we were in to make sure that approach'S clearance was directed at us and not another aircraft. like I said earlier; it appeared that there was no conflict with any other aircraft and that there was very little time to ask the controller where the misunderstanding took place. she was very busy and did not seem very interested in pursuing the issue any further,Communication Environment;Other;Physical Environment;Taskload
511843,FO was doing the takeoff from left seat. taking off from runway 1 at DCA requires a quick turn to the NW -- the 328 degree radial from DCA VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range for noise abatement and P56 area avoidance. the First Officer mindful of the turn got distraction and allowed the nose to drop in the turn which resulted in 0 Feet Per Minute climb rate at about 340 feet Mean Sea Level. I pointed it out to him and at the same moment the Ground Proximity Warning System called 'terrain.' I quickly pulled up and the climb was resumed (approximately level time 5 seconds). I should have not been so 'generous' close to the ground and should have pulled up sooner,Preoccupation
512250,IN visual conditions; approach control cleared us for the Instrument Landing System runway 27 from about 20 mile out. we were level at 4000 feet at the time. at 15 mile out; approach asked us if we knew about the mandatory crossing altitude at DENTO (3000 feet) and festa (2000 feet) and we replied 'what?' we were not aware of the mandatory crossing restrict on the approach. we were able to make the crossing at festa; but we were still at 4000 feet at DENTO. the best way I can see to not have this happen again is to highlight or bold; or have a note that highlights the mandatory crossing RESTRS. I know we will start doing a better briefing on the charts now also,Proficiency
512678,ON an Instrument Flight Rules flight from 07C to lug A6 approximately XC40; we got the Automated Surface Observation System weather from lug; 5500 feet broken; wind 230 degree at 9 Knots. we asked for and received the Nondirectional Radio Beacon for runway 20. at 5 Distance Measuring Equipment I called airport in sight. we overflew the airport and entered left downwind for runway 20. the Visual Flight Rules approach was normal and stabilized. as we turned final; I noted to the First Officer that it was raining. we touched down approximately 600 feet from the approach end of the runway on speed. I deployed spoilers and applied brakes. the aircraft felt as if we were on ice. I applied reverse thrust and the First Officer announced left deploy only. this put the aircraft into a left drift. I could not stop the drift. a quick glance showed zero AIRSPD. we were now approximately 1/2 way down the runway; 5001 x 75 feet. I noted the runway had a fresh overlay of asphalt. this; along with the rain; made it feel; and act; like ice. as the aircraft drifted left; we departed the hard runway onto the soft grass runway beside it. the aircraft stopped after approximately 150 feet and nose 30 degree left of runway heading. the aircraft tore up sod but did not sink into mud. no damage to runway lights and no aircraft damage revealed after subsequent inspection. contributing factors: got to go 'now' from dispatch; maintenance problem on thrust REVERSER; and fresh asphalt overlay on runway and rain combination. callback with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that the thrust REVERSER that failed to work on the lear 24 had been just previously SVCED by maintenance. because of this problem and many other maintenance discrepancies associated with this aircraft; the aircraft has been taken Out Of Service to be sold. he added that it is just too old and too much maintenance to keep it flying. supplemental information from ACN 512872: bad weather; heavy rain,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
513046,I was Visual Meteorological Conditions at time of incident. I bring a lunch with me in a soft side lunch cooler. I was hungry and reached for my cooler. its strap was caught in the straps for the SEATBELT and my flight bag straps behind the right front seat. the plane was on Auto-Pilot; so I continued to free my cooler. while I was doing this; the Auto-Pilot disengaged. the plane lost 700 feet of altitude and banked 70 degree off course to the right. I noticed the increased sound of wind going around the aircraft. I looked up and realized the situation. ZBW then came on radio and asked for confirmation of altitude and course. I told them I was correcting. they asked if everything was ok. I then them it was. after correcting; I hand flew the plane to alb. on the way back to lew; I used the Auto-Pilot again; this time without incident. I now keep my cooler in the right front seat,Preoccupation
514455,THE First Officer told ground we were with Automatic Terminal Information Service information XYZ to taxi. (Automatic Terminal Information Service information XYZ stated high winds above 20 Knots; LNDGS and takeoffs on runway 28L&right.) at this time; ground controller cleared us to 'taxi to runway 28L via taxiway Mach Number; contact tower.' from our position; we crossed both runway 01L/right on taxiway Mach Number to proceed to runway 28L. no aircraft were on or taxiing to runway 01L or runway 01R. while in our taxi; we commented that he should have directed us to runway 28L via TXWYS Mach Number; left; Fahrenheit -- not just taxiway Mach Number and contact tower. while taxiing on taxiway left; tower asked us to verify we were taxiing to the runways 28. we affirmed that. he then asked again if we were taxiing to runway 28L via TXWYS left; Fahrenheit; and we affirmed that. it was then that we began to realize that the ground controller wanted us to taxi to runway 01L but did not state the proper runway. at this time on tower frequency; we heard aircraft being cleared for takeoff on runways 01L/right. nothing was said to us by the tower about this situation and we departed normally from runway 28L. in retrospect; we should have asked ground for a full route clearance to runway 28L instead of the partial clearance given. it was obvious to us later that he had intended us to use runway 01L but misstated the runway. even though we told ground we had Automatic Terminal Information Service information XYZ; the Automatic Terminal Information Service had been changed or was in the process of being changed to include runways 01L/right and takeoff options. in the future; I will question all ground CLRNCS that do not take me to the intended runway or hold point,Communication Environment;Physical Environment;Proficiency
514844,THE deportee was escorted by 2 Inertial Navigation System officers to the 2L door. they said the authorities will meet him upon arrival in japan. he DIDN't situation down in his seat during boarding. he went to lav; looking for magazine; just walking around. he looked very nervous. I told the purser and she asked Inertial Navigation System officers why the deportee was traveling by himself without an escort? after door was closed; during push back I found he was not in his seat. just right after that; he came out from 3R lav. we saw he cut his wrist and he was bleeding. the knife was found in the trash bin in 3R lav. Flight Attendant tried to take him to 2L lav and treat his wound. but he started to rage and run around first class cabin; screaming 'help; help; out; out!' he was subdued by 2 pilots; and we went back to the gate. spanish speaking agent talked to him. he said he is a member of spanish terrorist organization and he said he will be killed by terrorist members when he gets to japan. that'S why he DIDN't want to go to japan. why would Inertial Navigation System put him on our flight without escort? he carried a small knife. how he could bring to the airplane? he cut himself but he could have hurt our passengers and us. he could be a hijacker to force to go somewhere else. in this case; it happened on the ground; but if it happens in the air; it'S too late,Other
515260,LANDED on runway 32 at KFWA. we had a 15 minute delay for passenger. we received our clearance for departure on our way into the Fixed-Base Operator. after passenger boarded aircraft; we received our taxi clearance. I thought I read back taxi to runway 32. we then crossed runway 23 and taxied all the way to the end of runway 32. the controller then said you're at the wrong runway; taxi back to runway 23; intersection 'Y' and cleared for takeoff. we misunderstood directions and nobody even stopped us on a slow morning; taxiing the wrong direction. the problem was in misunderstanding our clearance; after landing on runway 32 and being cleared to runway 23. the other problem was nobody even noticed us taxi across the active runway and taxiing all the way to the end of the wrong runway,Other;Proficiency
515730,UPON arrival in RDU; maintenance called my attention to 4 small gouges on the left leading edge. the maintenance technician said he would contact our maintenance control to see if they were within parameters. if so; he would buff them out. in the morning (jun/mon/01) the aircraft had been repaired; simply buffed the fragments smooth. however; no write-up had been filled out and maintenance was gone. the box in our maintenance can 'return to service' had been filled out and signed by that mechanic. flight departed for DCA. after arrival in DCA; another mechanic inspected the gouges after I brought them to his attention. I asked him how they could complete work without writing it up. it was determined then that the mechanic in RDU did not contact maintenance control and simply buffed it out on his own. the aircraft was grounded and an inspection and write-up were performed,Attitude;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
516019,THE following describes the event of an Near Midair Collision which occurred on jun/wed/01 between 2 aircraft operating within class B airspace at the HNL airport. event: clearance delivery cleared us to depart HNL class B airspace via the standard Visual Flight Rules 'shoreline 4' departure which reads as follows: 'departing runways 4; maintain runway heading to the h-1 freeway. departing runway 8L maintain runway heading to nimitz highway. turn right (T0) parallel nimitz highway proceeding direct to the center of honolulu harbor. fly 1 mile offshore passing abeam KEWALO basin thence direct to 1 mile due S of diamond head. turn left and resume own navigate; remaining within 2 mile of the shoreline until departing the class B airspace. maintain 1500 feet while within class B airspace. departure control frequency will be 124.8/317.6. intended for twin engine aircraft.' our departure runway was runway 4R. once takeoff clearance was received from HNL tower; takeoff was commenced. after liftoff; we understood further instructions from the tower to follow the shoreline and to contact departure control. although his (tower'S) transmission was slightly garbled; I acknowledged by replying that we would follow the shoreline and contact departure. as we made our initial climb and turn to follow the shoreline; I noticed a DC10 lifting off of runway 8R. I contacted departure control and was acknowledged with radar contact. in addition; departure pointed out the DC10 traffic. I acknowledged that I had the traffic in sight. I steered left slightly to ensure separation from the DC10 and in doing so; my visual with the DC10 became obscured by my aircraft'S right wing and right side fuselage. upon leveling off at 1500 feet and rolling wings level; I saw the DC10 diverging away from my aircraft at an estimated altitude of 500-600 feet below my aircraft. I heard a transmission from the DC10 aircraft indicating that he had to level off at 800 feet to avoid any further conflict (with my aircraft). it was approximately at this time that the departure controller stated to me that the tower'S instructions were for me to proceed to punchbowl (cemetery) and then to resume the shoreline departure. in my acknowledgement to this transmission; I stated that we understood the tower'S instructions were to resume/fly the 'shoreline' and that this is what we had indeed acknowledged to the tower prior to contacting departure control. it is UNCLR how close the 2 aircraft actually came to one another; but in conversation I had with some members of that DC10'S Flight Crew; it was clear that evasive action had to be taken in some form. it is apparent that there were several chains of events that Light Emitting Diode to this situation. the following are some of the events I believe contributed to the situation: 1) the design of the 'shoreline 4' departure is flawed in that it allows; in some sits; Visual Flight Rules aircraft departing via this procedure to conflict with departing aircraft from runway 8R. 2) communications between Air Traffic Control and departing aircraft were garbled and/or could have been more CLRLY stated so as to eliminate any confusion during the sequencing of departures off separate runways with procedures that have the potential to result in a conflict between aircraft. 3) SITUATIONAL awareness between Air Traffic Control and departing aircraft could have been a contributing factor. 4) complacency/human factors. HAWAII enjoys excellent flying conditions the majority of the time and it is easy to be lulled into a false sense of security on both sides of the equation -- both Air Traffic Control and pilot. it should be emphasized that; although Air Traffic Control normally provides separation between Instrument Flight Rules/Instrument Flight Rules and Instrument Flight Rules/Visual Flight Rules aircraft in class B airspace; the see and avoid concept must be adhered to at all times when operating in Visual Meteorological Conditions. had this not been the case in this situation; the outcome may have been less than desirable. it is also important to note that see and avoid can have limitations. I believe the root cause of the situation described above was mainly caused by poor communication between Air Traffic Control and the 2 departing aircraft involved. I suggest correcting the shoreline 4 departure procedure to emphasize strict radio discipline and phraseology in pilot/controller communications as it relates to deviations from the established procedures. also; the Air Traffic Control procedures for sequencing between aircraft on the shoreline 4 departure and those departing runway 8R should be reviewed since there is a potential for conflict,Attitude;Communication Environment;Other;Resource Deficiency
516151,APCHED DCA from the S (originated RDU). turned onto river visual by Air Traffic Control runway 19 at approximately 5000 feet and approximately 7 mile out. slowed aircraft; gear down; flaps 40 degree -- too high for runway 19. Air Traffic Control tower offered runway 22. we elected to land runway 22 (4911 feet) instead of making a go around from low altitude. prohibited airspace; high traffic density in vicinity of airport contributed to this decision,Other;Taskload
516250,DEPARTED miami runway 9L with large thunderstorm cell E of airport. aircraft were making immediate left turns to the n. n of airport were numerous small cells that did not paint on radar and visually looked quite harmless. the aircraft was leveling off at 16000 feet. we entered an updraft that was quite violent. the Auto-Pilot disconnected and the aircraft was lifted to 16400 feet before I was able to recover. I used an almost full nose down correction with little effect. there was no turbulence; just tremendous uplift. I now have greater respect for small growing cells that do not paint on radar,Physical Environment
516643,FOLLOWING nose landing gear time change; aircraft took off and crew was unable to retract landing gear; and had problems with pressurization. got gear to retract after consulting maintenance control and pushing gear handle release button out of UPLATCH DETENT position. gear then cycled normally. aircraft returned to field of departure (milwaukee). gear down. nose gear was just changed; and retraction tests and light indication checks for gear position were performed; with satisfactory results. aircraft was released for service prior to air turn back as described above. upon investigating the matter with aircraft on jacks; found nose gear ground sensing cables and anti-retract cable out of proper adjusting (rig) in terms of tension; per maintenance manual procedures. these cables directly affected by and actuated by nose gear strut extension and compression. pressurization of cabin and retract problems in flight resulted. after adjusting cable tensions; retraction tests performed and gear handle travel was all normal; as were the lights. aircraft released for service; with no further problems. the root cause was improper rig of ground sensing cables,Resource Deficiency
516669,AFTER PUSHBACK and engine start; the Captain noticed that the upper rudder control position indicator stuck full right during the control check. he had the ground crew verify proper rudder movement and got the ground crew'S employee number for the aircraft and logbook entry. he then ACARSED dispatch to add the Minimum Equipment List item to our dispatch release. we got an Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System message back from our dispatcher in japan that acknowledged adding the Minimum Equipment List item and said 'no further paperwork required.' we; therefore; completed the logbook entries concerning the CPI Minimum Equipment List item and applied the appropriate Minimum Equipment List placards using the ground crew'S employee number. after takeoff; we discovered through further Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System messages and the company operating manual that the Minimum Equipment List/maintenance release had not been accomplished correctly. for the Flight Crew to 'sign off' an Minimum Equipment List item after PUSHBACK; the duty maintenance controller must authority/authorized/direct the action and he had not even been advised. we had assumed that since Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System had generated an out time; that dispatch would know we'D pushed back already and would coordinate the Minimum Equipment List item with maintenance control for us. his Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System message including the phrase 'no further paperwork required' Light Emitting Diode us to believe we were good to go; and that he had coordinated with maintenance control. in actuality; that coordination did not occur. our main united states operations center has maintenance controllers right there; so coordination is easy; but we found out that the japan dispatchers must contact maintenance control back in the united states. while we were sure we did nothing unsafe; since we followed the required checks in the Minimum Equipment List; we did not 'Department Of Transportation all the I'S and cross all the t'S' of the logbook paperwork properly. I'LL remember this for future maintenance problems after PUSHBACK and will ensure operations manual procedures are complied with and ensure any Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System messages are sent to both dispatch and maintenance control,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
517141,COPLT; hand flying; trimmed aircraft -- attempted to engage center Auto-Pilot in command mode. Auto-Pilot disconnect light and siren warning; aileron lockout Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System and rudder ratio Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System; and rudder trim went from 5 units right to zero units for trimmed flight. copilot flew and talked with Air Traffic Control while I ran the procedures; talked with dispatch and maintenance; flight attendants and passenger. we tried to determine the extent of any problems talking with maintenance. we were not able to engage any Auto-Pilot or clear the Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System cautions. an uneventful landing was made at ZZZ. maintenance was able to fix the aileron and rudder ratio problems; but could not explain the abrupt change in rudder trim and the flight was canceled. copilot stated he was engaging the Auto-Pilot and proceeded to push the center Auto-Pilot command switch. when he pushed the switch; the Auto-Pilot disconnect warning and siren sounded; rudder ratio light and Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System; and the aileron lockout light and Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System. the aircraft at this point required approximately 30 degree of left aileron to maintain straight flight. I advised Air Traffic Control that we had a problem and would level at 17000 feet. he asked what the nature of the problem WS and I stated I would get back to him in a short time,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
517250,DSNDING through 10000 feet Mean Sea Level into ord; First Officer was slowly decelerating from 300 Knots assigned to 250 Knots. contributing factors: 1) Air Traffic Control had issued multiple speed RESTRS since getting airborne on 90 minute flight. 2) just prior to descent order from 11000 feet to 7000 feet; speed increase to 300 Knots was issued. 3) First Officer RPTS flying previous month out of houston; participating in greater than 250 Knots below 10000 feet test program. crew discovered and commenced corrective action: immediate correction to at/below 250 Knots and Air Traffic Control queried as to speed. human factors: tight Air Traffic Control-directed speed control; last minute speed increase just prior to descent clearance; and recent flying in greater than 250 Knots below 10000 feet Mean Sea Level possibly contributed to AIRSPEED exceeding 250 Knots. below 10000 feet Mean Sea Level,Pressure;Taskload
517604,ATIS for LGA was advertising winds of about 320 degree 12 Knots and we were on an Area Navigation approach for runway 22. when we got over to tower. he announced winds of about 350 degree 14 Knots which was borderline limiting and totally stupid. I asked him again. and now it WS 340 degree 13 Knots; but I'Mach Number thinking pretty strong quartering tailwind and a bad idea. we said no to the approach; but were still about 2000 feet. to get out of the approach mode and get go around logic; you have to advance the throttles to toga and quickly snap them back to 'CL' DETENT. while the First Officer did this; we think the controller cleared us to 2000 feet in the middle of the throttle up. the missed approach altitude was 2700 feet; but we still had 3000 feet set in the window as that was our initial point of the approach. we; with that throttle burst; shut up to 2700 feet and eventually leveled at 3000 feet -- which I asked if that was ok. the tower fellow said yes; and there was no conflict that we know of. 5 minutes later; they had the airport turned around; and we landed on runway 31. there was obvious confusion caused mostly by trying to get us to land with a serious tailwind,Attitude;Other;Physical Environment
517684,WE received a clearance with a heading for direct to UIN at FL220. we were told that FL220 would be the final due to 'flow' into STL. we were using frequency xxx on ZAU. a couple of minutes later we were about 95 mile n of UIN and heard several aircraft try to check in with ZAU with no response from center. then the frequency became congested with aircraft making second and third calls to center. we could not hear any response. First Officer switched to the next frequency on our route which was ZKC. they instructed us to go back to xxx. he stated that they (meaning ZAU) lost communication; but were in the process of getting it back and that ZAU needed us back up on xxx. so we switched back to xxx and tried to check in. we were unable to hear ZAU. after a few minutes; we got a call from another aircraft on the frequency and he stated that ZAU had asked him to relay a clearance to us to descend to FL200. we acknowledged the clearance and RPTED out of FL220 for FL200. at about 75 Distance Measuring Equipment from UIN; we saw a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II target just enter the screen at FL220. as we descended to FL200 we were about 70 Distance Measuring Equipment from UIN; when the aircraft on the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II passed about 5 mile off to our left. we never saw the other aircraft. a minute or so later; we could hear ZAU again and he handed us off to ZKC,Communication Environment
517967,WE were taxiing from gate. bos ground controller cleared us from the alley to runway 22R via TXWYS k; n; all the way to runway 22R. we were just about to cross runway 15R when I saw the DC8 holding in position with its lights on. we stopped short of runway 15R and I was just about to ask the controller if we were cleared to cross and the DC8 passed by us on his takeoff roll. it was a longitude day; late at night and luckily no passenger aboard our aircraft,Duty Cycle
518074,WHILE flying the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range-B to F29; had difficulty maintaining course after crossing Initial Approach Fix; which Light Emitting Diode to S-turns down the approach course. the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range indicator seemed to be sluggish in its indications; and I OVERCORRECTED; aggravating the S-turns. also; with the distraction of troubleshooting the problem; I briefly went below the altitude limit for the initial approach segment. Air Traffic Control informed me of my position along the way; and then vectored me around for a second approach when it became apparent the first one could not be completed. second approach was better and resulted in uneventful landing. also contributing was excessive PRECESSION in the directional gyro; causing my actual course intercept angles to be larger than what was indicated. during the turns during REVECTORING; I kept the directional gyro set to the magnetic compass; and better anticipated the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range indicator response. I should have picked up the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range problem sooner; abandoned the approach; and done the troubleshooting elsewhere; rather than continuing. this was also my first solo actual Instrument Meteorological Conditions approach since being recently instrument rated. I intend to get as much actual Instrument Meteorological Conditions experience as possible; in order to fly well and safely in Instrument Meteorological Conditions,Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
519723,STALL/spin during CLBOUT in icing conditions. approximately 1 inch of ice accumulation (before boot operation). AIRSPD approximately 125 Knots Indicated Airspeed. rate of climb approximately 200 Feet Per Minute. deice boots in operation; bulk of ice shed leaving rough patches behind. rate of ice accumulation in cloud tops was higher than lower cloud area. aircraft stalled and spun to the left. initially the spin was recognized and normal recovery was initiated. aircraft lost approximately 4500 feet in 3-4 spin entries. aircraft was recovered in Visual Meteorological Conditions at approximately 10500 feet. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR said that during climb into forecast icing conditions; published procedures for the operation were followed. icing appeared to be light and well within the guidelines recommended to visually evaluate icing on the AIRFRAME. penetration into the icing area was made at the recommended 180 Knots during climb. clouds were noted to be thinning with blue above. in an effort to reach for the blue sky; AIRSPD was allowed to decrease to approximately 125 Knots just prior to the initial stall. the Captain was the Pilot Flying. he did not appear to be alarmed by the icing; however; his experience level was approximately 200 hours in type. he is RPTED to have operated this type aircraft in similar conditions with success. the company involved has set a minimum AIRSPD limit of 170 Knots in icing conditions,Physical Environment
520189,I was conducting OJTI at the PXV radar. the trainee turned the CRJ2 to a 180 degree heading for SBOUND traffic; overlooking the B747 WBOUND at FL310. I took control of the frequencies and attempted to resolve the CONFLICTION,Proficiency
520586,FLT plan from APV airport to LGB. en route; I discovered that the aircraft radio quit operating. I used my HANDHELD radio. I called SOCAL approach and was told that they could hear my carrier tone only. I could receive loud and clear. because I could not transmit; I decided to divert to an UNCTLED airport (ajo). after landing; I telephoned SOCAL approach and asked for a clearance to LGB. they said ok and gave me a squawk code. I gave them a departure time (XA20) and took off from ajo at that time. en route; SOCAL asked if I could read them; and if I could; to identify; which I did. I was cleared to land at LGB with no further incidents,Resource Deficiency
520613,CALLED ground for taxi and clearance. ground control cleared aircraft 'Special Visual Flight Rules out of control zone to the NW and clear for takeoff.' sic asked if controller wished aircraft to go over to tower and his reply was he was 'working all the frequencies.' on CLBOUT; controller said we were above 1000 feet and not squawking the appropriate code. we were not issued an altitude limit or given a squawk on our frequency; which was still ground frequency. possibly clearance limits were given on tower frequency and our being on ground frequency caused the MISCOM. possible solution would be to keep like traffic on the same frequencies (IE; taxi on ground then over to tower for takeoff) even if the controller is 'working all frequencies' after descending to 1000 feet Mean Sea Level and squawking the code; we were switched from ground frequency to radar approach frequency and continued on our flight,Communication Environment;Taskload
520907,FIRE tanker was departing runway 8 with no radio call on the Common Traffic Advisory Frequency. we started to depart runway 26 after making our radio call to do so. we saw each other and both of us aborted the takeoff. another tanker had just taken off runway 26 and another cessna was doing touch and goes on runway 26. the Automated Weather Observation System said the wind was 200 degree at 6 Knots; windsock showed wind to be variable; runway indicator pointed down runway 26,Proficiency
520940,DEPARTED EWR via EWR 6 Standard Instrument Departure from runway 22R; which requires an initial heading until 2.3 Instrument Landing System Distance Measuring Equipment; then another heading until receiving radar vectors. departure control gave clearance of a heading to fly to join the 350 degree radial of COL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range and then proceed inbound to COL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. our aircraft had the Flight Management System inoperative under Minimum Equipment List procedures; so we were navigating through raw data means. by the time we switched from Instrument Landing System Distance Measuring Equipment frequency for Standard Instrument Departure departure to the COL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range frequency; completed climb check; etc. we had flown through the assigned VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range radial. I switched to COL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; dialed inbound course; told the FOF (Pilot Flying) we had gone through inbound course; and he began a left-hand turn to rejoin the assigned inbound course. at this time; departure control told us to 'turn left to heading 120 degree and rejoin the 350 degree radial of COL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range.' no traffic conflicts or ALTDEVS were apparent. altitude at time of radial deviation was level at 5000 feet Mean Sea Level after departure. contributing factors were Flight Management System being inoperative; high workload right after departure; and not having one side navigate frequency tuned to COL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range frequency. First Officer was hand flying aircraft at time of occurrence but having Auto-Pilot on would have helped him have more time to possible notice our navigate situation. in the future; I will more actively use Auto-Pilot during these high workload sits; as well as ensure that one side navigate frequency will be tuned to outbound navigate fix so as to avoid this in the future,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
521242,FLT XYZ was scheduled to be the first flight of the day for ship XYZ. approximately 35 minutes prior to the flight'S scheduled departure; I learned that the #1 oil quantity gauge indicated less than 2 gallons of oil. I coordinated with ramp and ground control to start the #1 engine. after completing the appropriate CHKLISTS; I shifted the start lever. the lever moved to the idle/run position; rather than the start position. I then ordered the start switch to be released and returned the leer to the cut-off position. once the Revolutions Per Minute'S indicated zero; we motored the engine for approximately 20 seconds. upon engine start; the oil quantity gauge indicated that there was over 3 gallons of oil. shutdown procedures were accomplished. about 12-15 minutes later; ramp personnel RPTED black smoke emanating from the #1 engine. the so verified the presence of smoke and a tailpipe fire. emergency personnel were contacted and the passenger were immediately deplaned. flight control; maintenance; and the chief pilot'S office were all notified. a logbook entry of the event was made,Resource Deficiency
521593,CLRED to 5000 feet we got a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II advisory of traffic. traffic showed on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II closing in within 5 mile. out of 4800 feet; traffic was not in sight nor was it called out by controller. at 1-2 mile on the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II; Resolution Advisory advised us to climb. by the time we took action; departure called out immediate left turn and apparently did the same for the C152. as we crossed altitudes (5000 feet) I finally had the C152 in sight; approximately 300 feet from us. departure apologized for the miss numerous times. I believe that our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II was responsible for us not having a midair collision. controller had a major miss in calling that traffic. supplemental information from ACN 522455: Air Traffic Control said the other plane had us in sight,Other;Proficiency
521673,APCHING pao from the se; it was noted that runway 31 was in use at the pao; class D airspace. at XA00 local the tower closed. Automatic Terminal Information Service stated to use a pattern for entry when tower closed. I proceeded NE of pao to avoid class Celsius airspace at SJC; and entered on a 45 degree to right downwind for runway 31. I previously heard another aircraft on Common Traffic Advisory Frequency using right traffic to runway 31. the san francisco Visual Flight Rules terminal area chart also indicated right traffic for runway 31. while entering the pattern; I called out my position on the 45 degree entry downwind leg; OPS Base Operations Office leg and final on Common Traffic Advisory Frequency. while I was in the pattern; 2 aircraft called intentions to do straight in approaches. one said he thought it would be close between his aircraft and mine. I suggested he enter the traffic pattern. he elected to do a left 360 degree turn on final approach. someone on the ground told him he should have done the 360 degree turn to the right for noise abatement. all aircraft landed without incident. the problem was increased danger of collision between aircraft approaching to land at an airport where the tower was closed. it was caused by 2 pilots/aircraft doing non standard Visual Flight Rules approaches for landing (straight-Inertial Navigation System). the solution is for all pilots to do standard pattern entries to insure traffic visualization separation. PS: this happens frequently at UNCTLED airports,Attitude;Resource Deficiency
521936,WE were on the runway; when the Captain announced that we were #14 on the line-up and will take approximately 30 minutes. at this time; flight attendant #4 got up from her jump seat and went to the cabin. I heard; overheard bins being opened and closed. seconds after; I heard a passenger screaming 'I want to get off this plane.' he shouted this several times. at the same time; flight attendant #4 came straight to her jump seat and she commented 'we can arrange for that.' the passenger started to get louder and then scream 'you're here to serve me.' I had just gotten up from my jump seat to see what was the matter with the passenger. I went to him and asked him to please calm down and tell me what was the matter. he began screaming that he DIDN't like flight attendant'S #4 attitude. he had asked for blankets and pillows for his wife and son who was sick and the flight attendant gave him the pillow and blankets; but with an attitude. I told him to please calm down; situation back and put on his seat belt. but this made it worse; because he then began shouting at me and telling me to 'shut up and go back and read your book.' he continued to shout you're here to serve me. in the meantime; his wife was trying to calm him down. I proceeded to call the purser and the Captain. the purser came to the back. we explained the situation and with a very calm tone; she asked the passenger to explain what happened. he got very excited and began to scream. she asked him to please calm down and listen to her; but this DIDN't work. the Captain called back and asked to inform the passenger that we were returning to the gate; where he was going to be arrested. this DIDN't calm him down. he proceeded to state 'I don't have a knife. why are you going to arrest me?' passenger was escorted out of the plane,Other;Physical Factors
522070,DURING the logbook review; the Captain and I failed to see the right Multi Functional Display Unit fail INFLT write-up from flight the night prior. it was stuck behind the cardboard that separates the current pages from the new pages. upon landing at destination; the Captain and I discovered the error and called maintenance. the write-up was still outstanding during the flight but the right Multi Functional Display Unit operated fine with no problems noted,Proficiency
522466,ACR Y was level at FL260 from YYZ via rod J29 PXV to MEM. air carrier x came to me at FL330 off of MEM to DTW via DQN MIZAR 3 DTW. I initially descended air carrier x to FL290. approximately 2 minutes later; I descended air carrier x to FL240 to comply with Letter Of Agreement with ZOB. I initially missed the air carrier Y as traffic. 10 seconds later; I had an aircraft put on my frequency incorrectly. I spent 10-15 seconds to find the aircraft and the correct frequency. as I was issuing the correct frequency; I began my scan again. right away I noticed the air carrier x was about to descend through FL270; which would cause a loss of separation with air carrier Y. a split second later; conflict alert and ADEP went off at the same time. I did not ask for evasive actions; because air carrier x was at least 2.5 mile past air carrier Y. I do feel if the aircraft was not placed on my frequency incorrectly; I would have scanned sooner; and caught the situation before it occurred,Proficiency
522552,WE were flying an a-300 from mia-JFK; flight YYY. we were using runways 27L; 27R and 30. our scheduled departure time was XA30. when we arrived at the runway we decided to use maximum power; due to a few knots of tailwind. upon taking the runway for departure; the winds shifted and we had a headwind; but decided to remain at maximum power because we were heavy. it had rained a little earlier and we had it already set up. it was my takeoff and; upon rolling down the runway for departure out of mia; we heard the tower tell air carrier Y to go around and to turn left to heading 180. I assumed the missed approach was to runway 27L; however; it was actually on the intersecting runway 30. when we broke ground and were climbing through 200 feet; Captain x focused on air carrier Y climbing right toward us. Captain told me to turn and keep turning. I started a turn n with a 35-40 degree bank and I climbed. the tower was quiet for a moment and then gave us; we think; a clearance to 360 degree heading. we think that was for us but they DIDN't use our correct call sign. then the tower said 'well; we gave air carrier Y a turn to 180 degree; contact departure. there was significant weather in the area and we started getting vectors around other traffic and weather. I believe three important factors enabled us to execute a successful near miss. first; Captain x'S SITUATIONAL awareness and head'S up skill enabled us to view a hazard early enough to avoid an accident. second; the fact that I was flying enabled the Captain to view the DC9 off his side of the aircraft. and finally; the fact that Captain x elected to continue a maximum power takeoff gave us the power when we needed it. I believe there are at least three specific chains of events that enabled this incident to come about. first; the fact that we conduct APCHES to intersecting runways causes possible severe risks. we have lost sight of the whole approach; landing and missed approach airspace. we certainly give room for APCHES and landing distances; but missed approach procedures are severely compromised. secondly; air carrier Y was flying the published missed approach and I'Mach Number guessing; but the language issue has to be considered. I'Mach Number sure we got their attention as they got ours. and finally; we were not given any information from the tower as we were taking off; on climb out or at anytime. I would love to say that this situation is unique and would never happen again; but unfortunately I cannot. if safety is truly our main objective; then serious thought needs to be given in using conflicting runways or land and hold short procedures. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: callback revealed that the go around from runway 30 was the result of a preceding aircraft not clearing the runway in time for a landing by the following aircraft. the go around was issued with a change to the published missed approach instruction. it was not executed in a timely manner. it is possible that the delay was due to a language problem. the miss distance was estimated by the RPTR; after consultation with the Captain since the report was made; at 200 feet,Communication Environment;Other;Physical Environment
523056,I am an mei giving instruction to an instrument applicant. we were doing a partial panel VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range approach using the compass and OBS for navigate. ZMA gave us our vector to intercept the final approach course; 'fly heading 140 degree; intercept the final approach course (300 degree radial).' the student pilot did as requested; but went through the 300 degree radial. I advised the student to turn back to approximately a 100 degree heading to REINTERCEPT the course. (at no point were we were full-scale defection.) while on a heading of 100 degree; Air Traffic Control advised; 'turn right to 090 degree and REINTERCEPT the course for spacing.' at this point; we were still to the right of course; so I thought that Air Traffic Control had made an error and meant turn left to 090 degree to intercept the 300 degree radial. the student did this (after I advised him to do so) and we did in fact REINTERCEPT the course. I then asked Air Traffic Control if it was ok to proceed inbound on the 300 degree radial. at this point; the controller became understandably upset because he wanted us to basically make a right 360 degree turn. he advised that we were about to break the 2 mile spacing requirement for Instrument Flight Rules traffic and that I had deviated from an Air Traffic Control instruction. at this point; I apologized for the error I had made and promptly executed the right turn; back to 090 degree; and intercepted the course. the rest of the approach was fine. looking back; I should have not assumed the Air Traffic Control operator made a mistake and should have asked him to clarify his instructions. I do feel that this MISCOM could have been avoided if he would have said 'make a right 360 degree turn to 090 degree or a right 330 degree turn to 090 degree and REINTERCEPT the final approach course.' the latter phraseology seems to be the more common one that I have been given in similar sits,Communication Environment;Proficiency
523470,I joined the Captain at xxx to fly a reserve pairing: xxx to xxx to xxx. this was my leg to fly. ground operations; takeoff; and initial departure were normal. proceeding E from xxx; we were switched to ZAU (frequency 127.55). center then cleared us to climb from an intermediate altitude to a higher altitude. I was flying the aircraft and do not recall hearing the altitude assigned by center. however; the Captain (Pilot Not Flying) acknowledged the call; reading back that we were cleared to FL230. he then entered 23000 feet into the Mode Control Panel altitude window. I then pointed at the window and acknowledged 'FL230.' at approximately XA00; I began leveling out of FL230. at this time; center asked; 'at what altitude are you going to stop your climb?' the Captain replied that we were filed to FL230; and that altitude was fine for us. after his answer; and no reply from center; we discussed in the cockpit; thinking that was an unusual question from center. the Captain then asked center if FL230 had been our assigned altitude. center then replied that we had been cleared to FL210. the Captain then queried as to whether a report was required; and the controller responded; 'no.' both the Captain and I decided to submit as soon as possible RPTS anyway (incident occurred approximately 50 Nautical Mile W of LFD). while I am not positive regarding the altitude specified in center'S initial altitude assignment radio call; I am certain that the Captain read back a clearance to FL230; entered it correctly into the Mode Control Panel altitude window; and that I acknowledged his READBACK at FL230. if his READBACK was incorrect; center did not note the incorrect READBACK or offer a correction. recommendation: closer monitoring by both pilots of all Air Traffic Control XMISSIONS; querying the controller if uncertain as to the clearance; and better monitoring of pilot clearance READBACKS by Air Traffic Control controller,Communication Environment;Proficiency
523864,I landed behind a cessna 182. there was an aircraft (piper) waiting to take off on runway 3 after I cleared the runway.  there was a cessna 172 about 3 miles out for runway 3. the piper announced he was taking the runway to takeoff after me; and one of the airport service personnel made a radio transmission commanding the piper to hold short due to traffic on final. I know sedona wants to get an Air Traffic Control control tower; but sending ramp fueling personnel out with trucks and radios is not the way to do it. even if this had been a close situation; which it was not; it sets a bad habit pattern for times which might be critical. bottom line:  Air Traffic Control must only be done by trained; qualified controllers! not FUELERS. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated some employees at SEZ are issuing control instructions to pilots on the UNICOM frequency. he has heard airport employees on busy week-ends instruct pilots to land longitude because of following traffic or instruct aircraft in the pattern to extend for a pilot trying to depart. the RPTR said the issue was brought to the attention of the airport advisory about 6 to 8 months ago. the board responded that they would look in to it,Attitude
525074,ON 9/thu/01; two of my pilot friends who are sheriff deputies stop by my business to tell me that the airways were open to General Aviation. we talked about the situation and the events of the past week and flying in general. later that day my wife called and said she saw on the TV that General Aviation had opened up also. I later turned on the TV at work and read on the TELETYPE and news that 'all us airports were open to General Aviation with the exception of reagan international.' my business is near fresno chandler airport where I just recently moved my aircraft. all day there were FLTS single engine/MULTI-engine flying over so I was thinking things must be getting back to normal in the airspace system. after work I went out to the airport to get my log book. as I was going through it I noticed that my night currency was about to expire that week and since I was already at the airport I may as well go up and get current. fresno chandler arp is an uncontrolled airfield with no Automatic Terminal Information Service. I had no phone available and there was no Automatic Terminal Information Service information available so based on the events of the day; IE 1) two sheriff'S deputies; 2) the news broadcasting all us airports open; it did not say only Instrument Flight Rules traffic; as I was later to find out; 3) various General Aviation aircraft flying over all day; 4) my wife calling to tell me what she saw on the news; I decided to go ahead and get current in the pattern. after departing FCH; fresno approach control came over the radio and asked me to identify myself which I did. I was told that Visual Flight Rules traffic was not yet authorized and to return to FCH. I immediately landed and explained to them why I was flying and I was told and thought that Visual Flight Rules flight was not restrict for reasons stated above. the fresno police met me at my hangar and I gave them my pilot information and personal information. one more item should be noted; all week longitude the sheriff and fresno police vehicles were present at FCH airport to prevent flight. on this evening they were not present guarding the airport; fresno Air Traffic Control called them. my original intentions were to pick up my log book to get my hours flown in 2000 for my CPA. it was a spur of the moment decision to fly after reviewing my log book and noticing that my night currency requirements needed to be met. I would never have flown had I known that Visual Flight Rules flight was still restrict as I am instrument rated and could have filed Instrument Flight Rules. due to the confusion of the week'S past events and by listening to other people I felt I could trust the news media. I was misinformed about the lifting of the NOTAMS. the Air Traffic Control controller also said they were confused at times because of the changing RESTRS by the hour. I have learned never assume anything; but to check for yourself as we all can misunderstand information in times of crisis and stress as this past week played out. I have flown for 27 YRS without an incident or accident and consider myself to be a safe and conscientious pilot who has learned from this experience,Other
525159,I made a part 91 Visual Flight Rules flight from john wayne airport to burbank airport at night. upon landing at bur; I taxied back for departure; received a clearance; and was ready for a Visual Flight Rules departure when the controller started questioning how I got to bur under Visual Flight Rules. he seemed to think Visual Flight Rules was not allowable under the current NOTAMS in effect. I had the latest NOTAMS and had consulted with san diego Flight Service Station; received a full DUAT briefing; and consulted with an aviation organization to ensure my route and plan of flight was legal. since I received flight following the whole way; I know no one else seemed confused about Visual Flight Rules; and I saw other General Aviation Visual Flight Rules traffic along the flight. the problem arose because the Notice To Airmen dissemination system is poor. since the ground stop on 9/TUE/01; numerous NOTAMS have been issued. pilots may actually have access to these via an aviation organization DUAT; etc before controllers do. also; the phraseology of some NOTAMS is poor; and it has been UNCLR if new NOTAMS are SUPERCEDING other NOTAMS or not. as for corrective action; I would recommend providing a more uniform and central location for NOTAMS on the internet that is accessible to controllers on the job and to pilots as well. for my own part; I should have carried the NOTAMS with me in the cockpit so I could reference specific FDC Notice To Airmen numbers when discussing them with the controllers. eventually the controllers let me leave Visual Flight Rules by considering my flight as a 'REPOSITIONING' flight under Visual Flight Rules. while the controllers were always calm and professional; I felt this confusion may have Light Emitting Diode them to think I was operating in violation of the current rules in effect; even though I was not,Other;Resource Deficiency
525428,I departed OPF airport to PBI. before takeoff; I called my mechanic who called the airport manager at LNA to get authority/authorized to land there. he gave me the ok. on my way to PBI; I canceled my Instrument Flight Rules and told them (approach) I was heading to LNA. approach acknowledged and I landed. the next day I took off and landed at PBI. a county official said I was not authority/authorized to land at LNA and said he would contact me later this week. if an airport has a restrict; the name of the authority/authorized and phone number should be in the Airport/Facility Directory. I obviously did not talk to the proper authority/authorized,Resource Deficiency
525460,FLT departed PHL international. dispatcher and I overlooked the temperature in the destination forecast that required an alternate to be filed. I discovered the oversight en route; called dispatch and had an alternate filed and received a weather brief. flight proceeded to destination and landed with Automatic Terminal Information Service of 4 mile visibility in 'BR.' alternate filed en route was HPN with good weather. was the 6TH leg of a 13.5 hour day with good weather during day. higher level of pressure after sep/TUE/01 and additional details to new airport and company procedures,Duty Cycle;Pressure;Proficiency
525570,ON J2 60 Distance Measuring Equipment E of GBN. center had given us direct ELP after GBN. was on J2 using our instruments; but center said close to restrict area and gave us heading. no conflicts or further Air Traffic Control comments,Other
525988,FLT ZZZ was on an active taxiway preparing for dispatch; when the amber 'First Officer PITOT heat' light illuminated overhead; indicating a loss of the heater to the probe. I knew that this required a no-ice; and mentioned this to the dispatcher; as we were both on a radio patch; and he initially said that we COULDN't go with it (as is normally the case). I gave the dispatcher the Minimum Equipment List of 30-00-05A; and said I was going to have the crew reset the circuit breaker just to see if that would work. the crew did this; and said it was no help. the dispatcher then said that we were ok to use the Minimum Equipment List. I issued a Flight Crew placard to continue the flight; my mistake was not noticing the day Visual Meteorological Conditions requirement of this Minimum Equipment List (neither did the Captain or the dispatcher). the crew later discovered this error; and elected to divert into DFW; and not continue to ABQ. I certainly realize my error; due to a combination of being on the radio; as well as my own haste. I will ensure to read all of the requirements of the Minimum Equipment List'S in the future,Preoccupation;Pressure;Proficiency
527530,PRIOR to departure; Captain asked for sic to brief him on the departure clearance he had been issued. sic READBACK the departure as the 'den three' and then read the procedure directly off of the Standard Instrument Departure plate. the crew taxied out; obtained takeoff clearance and departure. immediately after departure we were turned over to departure. the sic checked in at 7600 feet for 10000 feet. the controller immediately cleared us to FL230. a minute or two later the controller called and asked us where we got 10000 feet; to which the sic replied; 'from the den three Standard Instrument Departure.' the controller then said; 'you never received anything else?' to which the sic replied; 'no.' I then asked the sic to check what he had written down for his clearance. he then discovered the clearance to be to 8000 feet. we called the controller back and told him. conclusion: make sure in two pilot crews both CREWMEMBERS see the issued clearance and not just the Standard Instrument Departure clearance. I never knew our clearance differed,Proficiency
527929,I flew as Captain on aircraft from den-DTW. the aircraft had a current maintenance release document -- 2 deferral items. aft fuel boost pumps on the left and right main tanks were indicated with associated Minimum Equipment List numbers. since a new maintenance release document had been generated since the initial write-ups; I considered the maintenance release document to be legal. today; OCT/mon/01; I received an E-note indicating that the subject deferrals were determined to be illegal. in retrospect; I realize I was wrong in assuming that an initial deferral by maintenance control and subsequent review at ZZZ (where the maintenance release document was regenerated) would verify the legal maintenance of the aircraft. I will be vigilant in validating; and I will be more vigilant in future maintenance control determinations. this report is generated after the standard 24 hour window since I was only notified of the discrepancy 20 minutes ago,Other;Proficiency
529705,CAPT was Pilot Flying; I was Pilot Not Flying. grossly unstable approach and landing; runway 12; flaps 3 degree. target/approach speed 133 Knots; touched down at 160-165 Knots at very end of touchdown zone. hot brakes; maximum temperature I remember was 545 degree Celsius. kept 250 Knots till past outer marker. through our approach I kept telling Captain he was fast; 'you need to put gear down' twice; kept my hand on gear handle to emphasize. terrain warning and sink rate went off several times. flaps 2 degree and 3 degree were over sped...at about 500 feet above ground level I told Captain to 'go around.' he said 'I got it' or something like that. I came so very close to taking control of the aircraft. I have more data if needed. I told Captain what I thought of the approach,Other;Proficiency
530080,ON OCT/thu/01; aircraft was in ZZZ for 'Celsius' check. inspector xxx wrote up 5 cables for corrosion. at the end of late night shift; I was asked to work 4 hours over and help finish 'Celsius' check. I received NRC (non-routine card) #XXXX 'spoiler system requirements to be rigged also reference YYYY; ZZZZ; WWWW and ABCD.' to the best of my knowledge; I verified cable tensions and pick up and lay-down on spoiler panels. I did not check routing of cables because the installation was bought off on above reference NRC'S. it was brought to my attention by my supervisor that on day OCT/TUE/01. inspector in ZZZ wrote up cables WSA1-2 and WSA2-2 were crossed. aircraft was in ZZZ for time change on spoiler mixer,Duty Cycle;Resource Deficiency
530441,I was on my private pilot check ride. weather was at or barely above minimums at our class D airfield; and Flight Service Station was RPTING marginal Visual Flight Rules over entire area. I did not believe we would actually fly that day. the designated examiner asked me what my decision was. I said not to go. he said correct; but let'S go anyway. after takeoff en route to first check point; I said ceilings were low and we should return. instead; he requested from Air Traffic Control to go Visual Flight Rules on top. we received clearance and climbed on top. after flight maneuvers there; we called Air Traffic Control and descended back below the layers to perform ground maneuvers and takeoff and LNDGS at an UNCTLED field. then we returned to our home airfield. despite the good outcome of the CHKRIDE; I believe I should have stood my ground against flying in such marginal weather,Physical Environment
530736,I was First Officer and Pilot Not Flying on a part 135 passenger charter flying from lex to OPF. the Captain was flying at an unusually steep climb attitude climbing through FL330. the left engine flamed out. I asked the controller for a lower altitude. we were cleared down to FL250 where a successful AIRSTART was completed. I suggested to the Captain a need to land in ATL and have the engine checked out by a mechanic. the Captain; who owns the aircraft and is an a&P said there was no need. the trip continued to OPF uneventfully. per the Federal Aviation Regulation'S; we should have landed. this was my first flight with this company and this Captain. if I were Pilot In Command; we would have landed,Attitude;Resource Deficiency
531052,WE were cleared for the LDA 6 approach at roa. weather was 400 feet overcast and visibility 1 1/2 mile with mist and calm winds. at decision HT; field was not in sight. we started the go around. on the missed approach; we were supposed to climb to 1800 feet then climbing right turn to 4000 feet outbound ODR 127 degree radial to the monat intersection and hold. I started the climb to 1800 feet and then began a right turn. I asked the First Officer to set up the ODR 127 degree radial; but he must not have heard me as he was busy getting the airplane cleaned up (gear up; flaps up). as I noticed I DIDN't have my course needle set up on the 127 degree radial; I also noticed I was still turning right. I was climbing to 4000 feet but I turned so Federal Aviation Regulation I ended up on a 270 degree heading. a short while after we stopped climbing at 4000 feet and on a 270 degree heading; tower or approach asked what our intentions were. we told them we would like to shoot the approach a second time. they told us to turn left to 240 degree and they would vector us for another LDA runway 6 approach. we were set up for another LDA 6 approach and landed the second time. on our first approach; the airplane ahead of us went missed. then we went missed. the airplane after us made it in and that is why I elected to be vectored for another approach. I think contributing factors were the weather; and I think I DIDN't brief the missed approach well enough that both of us understood it completely. I was also late on realizing that I had turned so Federal Aviation Regulation right and that I WASN't doing the procedure correctly. I also think that the First Officer DIDN't pay attention enough to watch what I was doing. I also think we became a little disoriented in where we were actually at. as Federal Aviation Regulation as corrective actions; I made sure we both understood the missed approach procedures before we began the second approach. from now on; I will make sure that my First Officer always understands the missed approach procedure as well as I do. I also need to make sure I am SITUATIONALLY aware of the situation and pay more attention to flying the airplane than I was on the first LDA approach,Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Preoccupation;Proficiency
531365,WHEN I heard a voice 'code red!' by a flight attendant aft of the aircraft; I went to first class to notify #1 flight attendant. when I came back to assist the passenger; she was awakened from the unconsciousness and started to talk to the flight attendant on the side. she still looked pale and lost consciousness earlier; so we gave her oxygen (small bottle) for about 20 minutes. (after she was saying she DIDN't need oxygen anymore.) there were 2 registered nurses assisting us; monitoring the passenger. according to the nurses; she had a little bit of tingling feeling on the right side of her body; such as fingers; and she was repeating the same things in words so they thought it might have been a stroke; and there would be a real bad stroke in the future -- it could be soon -- it could be months or YRS from now. cockpit contacted ground medical and decided not to take a chance and keep flying to DFW. they instead decided to divert to BNA and we did; and medical personnel took her out to check her. she walked out; no wheelchair. we continued to DFW with no other or future incident. nurses suggested to give her something to Expected Approach Time; so we gave her a muffin and a banana. she slowly ate both. I think nurse gave her aspirin for precaution. the passenger has high blood pressure problem and takes medications,Other
531755,ON the morning of NOV/wed/01 at about XA15; I was taxiing aircraft to gate with MR x riding right seat. we received clearance from ground to proceed to the gate. as we taxied down taxiway k to gate; we saw that flight XYZ was blocking access to gate and was proceeding to get deiced. MR x communicated to ground that gate was blocked. ground said they COULDN't have us holding there and to proceed down taxiway k and hold short of taxiway E and contact tower. we did. after contacting tower; we were instructed to make a left on taxiway E and hold short of runway 5L. while holding short of runway 6L; tower instructed us to follow the heavy B747 to taxiway D; the B747 was just coming off of runway 6R and taxiway D. I proceeded to taxi the aircraft across runway 6L on taxiway E to runway 6R. as we approached runway 6R; tower instructed us to stop immediately. I hit the brakes and the aircraft proceeded to slide entering runway 6R. at this point there was an aircraft on approach about to land and tower instructed us to basically get out of the way. I don't really remember at that point what tower had said. I just knew I needed to get off runway 6R. the aircraft was still in motion. I made a left turn on runway 6R and taxied to taxiway D following the heavy B747. tower had us hold short of taxiway k on taxiway D and to contact ground. we did. ground told us to proceed to gate,Other
533460,DURING landing roll; tower gave us taxi instructions which included hold short of intersecting runway. First Officer responded. Captain at the controls heard the first part of the instructions; but missed the hold short part. approaching the hold short line; the First Officer noticed the Captain'S failure to apply brakes and reminded him of the hold short instruction. the Captain then applied heavy braking and stopped the aircraft short of the runway; but past the hold short line. tower simultaneously reminded taxiing aircraft of the hold short instruction. just as the taxiing aircraft stopped; a regional jet which had been cleared for takeoff on the intersecting runway passed the taxiing aircraft. estimated miss was 100 feet. Captain should have paid closer attention; First Officer should have verified that Captain heard and understood the hold short instruction and tower should have waited until aircraft cleared runway; or at least slowed to taxi speed before issuing taxi instructions,Preoccupation;Proficiency
533807,DURING my PREFLT preparation for my XA00 departure from LMR en route to JAC. I talked to a briefer at CPR flight service. I asked specifically about FDC 1307 JAC fit. my briefer told me the Notice To Airmen had been cancelled. upon arrival I flew the Instrument Landing System 180 JAC to the published Minimum Descent Altitude then landed the plane. later; I learned FDC1/1307 JAC fit. was still in effect. 'Decision Height hat 445 all cats. visibility all cats; 1.5,Other
534129,ENRTE to cos. prior to departure; weather indicated 1 mile snow showers and mist. upon arrival; the weather was as forecast. during the loading/unloading of freight at intermediate stop; the weather deteriorated significantly. the snow stopped and ice/fog rolled in with the visibility going up and down; varying visibility of 1000-1600 feet Runway Visual Range. prior to PUSHBACK; we deiced and checked tower weather: runway 35L; 1600 feet Runway Visual Range; runway 35R; 3000 feet Runway Visual Range. checking our operations specifications; a departure on runway 35L at 1600 feet Runway Visual Range is legal. during taxi out; weather changed to 1200 feet Runway Visual Range then to 1400 feet Runway Visual Range. we stopped and RECHKED departure requirements. they indicated runway 35L without CTRLINE lights needed 1600 feet Runway Visual Range; runway 35R with CTRLINE lights needed 1000 feet Runway Visual Range. I looked at the block for runway 35R; saw 1000 feet Runway Visual Range and CTRLINE lights required and said 'we are ok for runway 35R' (realistically departing runway 35L.) the First Officer agreed. I was the Pilot Flying; First Officer had less than 100 hours in type aircraft. I made the error in seeing what I wanted to see being tired. the First Officer was new; flew the aircraft well but in hindsight; was unsure of operations specifications and not helpful when I made the mistake of quoting the figures/numbers for runway 35R. we began the engine RUNUP for icing then began takeoff roll. at 100 Knots; V1 106/VFR Military Training Routes 124; I realized there was no CTRLINE lights. the forward visibility was good; with all runway markings visible. an abort at this point would have been a second poor decision. the takeoff roll and takeoff were normal. after LEVELOFF; I briefed the crew on what I thought had occurred. they both agreed after rereading the operations specifications several times. incident due to fatigue; being tired and seeing what I needed and wanted to see for takeoff. looked at figures for runway 35R; not runway 35L. fatigue; INATTN to detail; my error,Familiarity;Physical Environment;Physical Factors;Preoccupation;Proficiency
534766,THIS is my best recollection of events during the approach and landing of a GULFSTREAM 4 into san juan; PR; on jan/thu/01. as sic; I was in the right seat and was Pilot Not Flying. as I remember; san juan approach had given us a descent to 3000 feet on a 180 degree heading. at approximately 15 Nautical Mile from the airport we were given a heading change to 160 degree and descend to 2000 feet. on this heading; approach instructed us to intercept the localizer to the runway. I believe I questioned if it was runway 8 and was told negative it was runway 10. I verified that the localizer frequency for runway 10 was in the navigate radios and continued on the 180 degree heading. on intercepting the localizer; approach asked us to report the airport in sight. I started to perform the before landing checklist. in the process; I scanned outside the aircraft to see if I could acquire the airport visually. I did see the airport and asked the pilot if he also had it. he verified that he had the airport in sight and I RPTED that to approach. approach then told us to contact the tower. I made the initial call to the tower and I remember the tower acknowledging the call and giving us clearance to land runway 8. I do remember the tower telling us to remain on the localizer until intercepting final (or words to that effect). I saw the airport in front of us. while looking outside I heard what sounded like a shotgun blast and my window immediately shattered. I instinctively lowered my head below the glare shield not really cognizant of what had happened or what was about to happen. as I looked up from my lower perspective at the window. I felt the window with my hand to determine if it was an inner or outer pane that shattered. as my hand DIDN't feel any rough edges I assumed it was the outer pane. I was shaken and was trying to figure out what to do next. my immediate reaction was for us to just get the aircraft on the ground safely and take any other steps when we were safely on the ground. the pilot asked me to complete the remaining steps in the before landing checklist which I continued to do. as I looked at the window I saw small flames and arcing at the very top where the heating element was connected to the electrical connection. I immediately turned off the window heat. the arcing and flame disappeared shortly. I verified the gear and flaps were in the correct position; we were on the Glideslope and landing was imminent. after touchdown we rolled almost all the way to the end. it was at this point that I realized that we had landed on runway 10 instead of runway 8. as we cleared the runway we were given taxi instructions to our destination on the field and requested to call the tower supervisor when we got to a telephone. in discussing the situation with the pilot; we believe that the event of the sudden blast noise and resultant shattering of the window unnerved both of us. this caused us to lose concentration and focus. we both feel that an agreement between us as to who would do what tasks probably would have allowed each of us to concentrate on only those important tasks. the pilot should have concentrated on flying the aircraft and communicating with Air Traffic Control while I should have been focused on the completion of the landing checklist and taking care of the window situation. we both outline duties as to who will do what in the event of an emergency or unusual event in the takeoff phase of flight but really never considered addressing the occurrence of an event in the landing phase. it has not been determined as to what caused the window to shatter but the evidence points to a malfunction of the window heat temperature controller. it is possible that an electrical power surge from the converter to the temperature controller could have caused the heating element to exceed normal limits and thus caused the outer window panel to rupture and shatter. the temperature increase was probably a gradual occurrence starting some time before the event and finally causing the shattering. there was no evidence of a bird or foreign object strike,Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
534978,FLT plan was filed via SJN 1 departure to ABQ. actual clearance was DRYHEAT 2 J74 IRW as filed. we entered J74 in the Flight Management System from SJN to DRYHEAT; but failed to change actual departure. departure control saw us fly the wrong departure and got us back on course. Captain entered flight plan in accordance with Standard Operating Procedure'S. I pointed out change of clearance from Pre Departure Clearance. Captain entered routing change but did not change departure. I failed to note error while checking route in MCDU. prior to taxi; ground control changed runway to runway 8 vice runway 7L;. I changed runway but did not notice wrong departure as we started to taxi. requested new weight data for takeoff. prior to takeoff; I read verbal description from correct (DRYHEAT 2) departure and noted first 2 points on MCDU flight plan scroll as 078 degree (runway heading) and 080 degree (initial climb). these looked and were correct and I concentrated on visual clearing until departure control asked where we were going. no other traffic affected. in addition; during engine start; both generators faulted and had to be reset. DISTRS should not have caused me to miss departure change,Preoccupation;Proficiency
535326,I crossed the hold short line for runway 18L at B2 intersection before clearance. we were told take B2 intersection to go ahead of traffic at B1 that WASN't ready for takeoff. I thought it was a 'position and hold' clearance but it WASN't. the controller cleared us into position and hold after we crossed the line close to the runway edge. there was no traffic conflict,Other;Proficiency
537864,ON last leg of last day of 3-day trip; I was Pilot Flying. all operations were normal until arrival at MDW. the initial Automatic Terminal Information Service called for gusty winds from the SSE; and directed Instrument Landing System runway 31C circle to land runway 22L. when the Captain (Pilot Not Flying) checked in with ord approach; we were advised of a new Automatic Terminal Information Service which told us to expect vectors to Instrument Landing System runway 4R circle to land. no change in winds were provided; nor was a change to the landing runway mentioned. the Pilot Not Flying READBACK acknowledged 'vector to Instrument Landing System runway 4R; circle to land runway 22L.' ord approach offered no correction to this reading. in the cockpit; we discussed the unusual routing; then reprogrammed the Flight Management System and REBRIEFED how we planned to execute the circling maneuver. the Instrument Landing System runway 4R was flown normally; and we were handed off to tower at the outer marker. tower cleared us to circle; but still did not mention a change in landing runway. at about 2-3 Nautical Mile from the field; we started to maneuver E for a left downwind to runway 22L. shortly thereafter; tower directed us to maneuver W for a right downwind (again no runway mentioned). we reversed our turn and maneuvered for a right downwind to runway 22L. tower then asked us if we had enough room to turn final for runway 13C. this was the first mention we can recall of runway 13C being the active runway. we responded that we had been maneuvering for runway 22L and could not land on runway 13C from our current position. our clearance was then canceled; and we were REVECTORED to the Instrument Landing System runway 4R circle to land runway 13R. this was flown normally; after Automatic Terminal Information Service was fully obtained and OPC data computed. Air Traffic Control communications and READBACK acknowledgements appear to be the root issue with this incident. while we may have missed it; both the Pilot Flying and Pilot Not Flying never heard a change to the landing runway. further; approach did not correct our READBACK expressing intent to circle to runway 22. lastly; MDW tower did not specify the landing runway in its XMISSIONS. recommendation: re-emphasize Air Traffic Control issue complete CLRNCS; and their need to confirm air crew READBACKS are correct. in our cockpit; we should have REMONITORED Automatic Terminal Information Service when advised it had changed. further; we should have queried both approach and tower regarding their nonstandard routing CLRNCS for our expected landing runway. supplemental information from ACN 537574: after being based at MDW for the past 8 YRS; this is the first time I've had a complete breakdown in communication with approach and tower. approach knew I had Automatic Terminal Information Service information; but DIDN't pass on the change in landing runway like they usually do with winds and altimeter setting. checking on with tower; he told us to circle and landing clearance shortly. we were Visual Meteorological Conditions and in the past; I've been given a vector to a left downwind for runway 22L; so I thought this is what they had in mind. all of us failed to communicate with each other for whatever reasons and luckily it merely turned into an embarrassing situation; but one we quickly recovered from without any danger to aircraft safety,Communication Environment;Duty Cycle;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
538175,PROB: incorrect taxi route from transient parking to the active runway resulted in runway incursion. no traffic conflict resulted. taxi clearance did not specify a route; so I proceeded to the active via most direct route. snow bank obstructed the runway intersection; so I taxied onto the active; then proceeded down the runway (back-taxi). tower observed this and issued clearance to taxi on the active and make a 180 degree turn at the departure end. at this point; I realized the taxi error. I should have confirmed the route that ground control expected me to follow; prior to beginning taxi,Proficiency
538614,FLT xxx MEM-DTW. the Captain had been flying DTW out and backs all month; and it had been over 1 YR since my last flight to DTW. within 20 mile of DTW; descending out of 7000 feet and on a vector of 040 degree from DTW approach; expecting runway 22L at DTW. sky conditions were night and clear. Captain said he had the field in sight. I did not at that moment. I had tuned and IDENTED DTW VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; with needles pointing to approximately 045 degree (or 225 degree radial). I was uncertain at this point to call the field in sight and continued looking. the DTW VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range needles now pointing to 090 degree radial; I saw the field and told the Captain. the Captain asked me to call the field in sight; and because I was unfamiliar with the area; I felt uncomfortable with his request; so I asked him twice if he was sure he wanted to do that. he said 'yes; call the field;' and as soon as I did; the controller cleared us for the visual runway 22L at DTW. we then continued our descent to 3000 feet and turned to a 150 degree heading for the OPS Base Operations Office leg and to intercept the localizer. continued to 2700 feet and turned to 210 degree to align with runway we had in sight. I mentioned that the localizer has not captured yet; so we turned back to approximately 180 degree and to try and capture to within 10 mile at approximately 2700 feet. I asked Air Traffic Control to switch to tower frequency. at this point; the Captain and I knew something was not right; because we still had not intercepted the localizer (which was tuned and IDENTED for runway 22L). the controller commented that it looked like we were aligning ourselves with willow run airport and did we want a vector to DTW. we said yes; and Air Traffic Control vectored us for the visual runway 22L at DTW; without further event. I believe the problem arose due to the Captain and I IDENTING 2 different airports and not realizing it before we called the field in sight and were cleared for the visual approach. I believe the Captain had DTW in sight; however; when he began configuring the jet and slowing; he took his eyes off of DTW; and relied on my initial heading to set him up on a OPS Base Operations Office leg to join the runway at willow run. we recognized the problem when the localizer did not capture; and my call to Air Traffic Control precipitated our corrective action. I have always chosen to fly on approach rather than accept a visual to avoid an event such as this one. after this experience; I fully intend on making every effort to improve my SITUATIONAL awareness and encourage the Captain not to accept a visual approach -- at least not until capturing the localizer and all crew members have confirmed the correct airport is in sight,Familiarity;Proficiency
538831,APCHING ATL; we were cleared on a heading to intercept runway 26R localizer. First Officer was Pilot Flying. I was monitoring ATL VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range for distance and azimuth information. First Officer was on runway 26R localizer. he flew through the localizer. I corrected him and he made the adjustment to REINTERCEPT the runway 26R localizer but not before crossing the approach courses for the S runway complex. contributing factor was our charter carrier'S overseas rules do not provide for rest. the only limitation we are subject to is the 12 hour maximum in 24 hour. we showed for duty in CHS at XA30Z on FEB/thu/02; operated to ATL; spent 3 hours on ground and operated to EDDF. upon arrival at hotel; we had 7 hours until show-up for next duty. actual time sleeping for flight deck crew was between 4-5 hours. we then operated EDDF/BGR/ATL. we also had a 3 hour ground time in BGR. en route from BGR to ATL we were exhausted. we landed in ATL at XA20Z FEB/sat/02. that'S 5 hours sleep during a 40 hour 50 minute period. had I realized just how beat we were in BGR I would have canceled the BGR to ATL portion. unfortunately; we did not notice our loss of ability until after takeoff. this incident was directly related to fatigue. international longitude haul FLTS should provide for a minimum in hotel rest of at least 10 hours,Duty Cycle;Physical Factors
538917,WE were on the PDZ 4 arrival; anticipating getting runway 25L. we wanted and asked for runway 24R. the First Officer was flying; in navigate mode with the localizer for runway 25L in the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range/localizer. we were given a delay vector to expect to intercept the localizer for runway 24R. without checking what frequency was correct; I dialed in the same as the First Officer (runway 25L). neither one of us checked the approach plate. each of us had them in front of our faces; on the yoke. then we got a vector to join the localizer for runway 24R. we intercepted the localizer for runway 25L. at approximately 20 mile out; the controller told us we were tracking runway 25L localizer; we turned about 30 degree right and intercepted the correct one. in the future; even in Visual Flight Rules conditions; I will check and identify the localizer frequencies (and VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range/Automatic Direction Finder!),Proficiency
539252,VECTORS for a localizer back course at PTK we passed through the course on initial vector. upon re-intercepting we noted we had not reached the final approach fix. we were using Distance Measuring Equipment and the Flight Management System/Global Positioning System to identify the fix. once back established we descended to the Final Approach Fix altitude. the localizer was IDENTED and was behaving erratically moving back and forth. once passing the Final Approach Fix we started our descent to Minimum Descent Altitude; broke out of the bases and started to look for the airport. the tower then asked our intentions and stated we passed the airport. we had erroneous readings on the Distance Measuring Equipment for the missed approach point and did not get to Minimum Descent Altitude in time to see the airport. we followed the tower'S missed instructions and returned to the Instrument Landing System APC,Resource Deficiency
539578,WE were given taxi instructions by MCI ground to taxi to runway 27 'due to flow.' First Officer ran the takeoff data for runway 27. we did a PRETKOF checklist and switched to tower frequency and advised them we were ready for departure. tower told us to 'hold short.' we held short. MCI tower then told us to 'taxi into position and hold.' we read back the clearance and taxied into position on runway 9. as I aligned the aircraft on the CTRLINE; I noted the Radio Magnetic Indicator on a 090 degree heading; realized my mistake and exited the runway. I spoke with the MCI Air Traffic Control supervisor on ground frequency. he informed us that there was not a conflict and told us to have a good day. we gratefully thanked him for his assistance. I had it in my mind that we were taxiing to runway 27; when we were actually taxiing to runway 9. I usually have my page on the yoke clip; but today I did not. I feel that I allowed myself to focus too much on the takeoff data and checklist rather than stepping back to assure I was going to the correct runway. also; I will be DOUBLECHKING my heading and runway numbers before I cross any hold short line in the future. by runway numbers; I mean the ones painted on the runway. supplemental information from ACN 540084: the position and hold clearance was read back and we completed the checklist. upon taxiing into position; the Captain said we were on runway 9; and made a 180 degree turn to exit the runway. as we were turning around; the tower called to tell us we were on runway 9 and to clear the runway. having covered both my Horizontal Situation Indicator and Radio Magnetic Indicator indications; I was not in a very good position to know where we were going. having the plate in front of me; but not really following along DIDN't help much either,Preoccupation;Proficiency
542166,SHORTLY after takeoff on runway 27L at PHL; we received an Resolution Advisory. aircraft on left was a dash 8; about 1/4 mile and about same altitude. I believe it was aircraft that had taken off ahead of us. we followed the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II climb command. controller advised us of traffic on left; after we had received Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II commands. it DIDN't appear dash 8 was talking to our departure controller. controller DIDN't appear very concerned about our lack of separation,Attitude;Other
542505,ARTS IIE system at madison; WI; Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility has experienced several outages recently. the probable cause given is overload of primary targets. a temporary fix has been installed which disables or partially disables tracking of primary targets. recent changes have been made to the Airport Surveillance Radar-9 in preparation of WSP weather modification. the temporary changes degrade designed safety features of tracking primary targets. the highest resources should be devoted to restoring the primary target tracking features,Resource Deficiency;Taskload
542886,WHILE in cruise flight at FL390; was given a turn 40 degree to the left (no reason given). about that same time; we received a traffic Traffic Advisory on the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. Air Traffic Control then came back and told us to make it a hard left turn. since the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II had alerted us to the traffic conflict; the Pilot Flying (First Officer) disconnected the Auto-Pilot and rolled into a 30 degree left bank to avoid the target. we then got an Resolution Advisory with no guidance given on the vertical speed indicator (it indicated all red up and down). we scaled down to the 6 mile scale at which time the traffic had entered from the 2 O'clock position and exited at the 4 O'clock position staying approximately 3-4 mile horizontal separation. chain of events were: 1) Air Traffic Control was distraction when an air carrier Y flight RPTED on frequency. they were given a wrong frequency and Air Traffic Control was trying to determine where they were. this delayed them in understanding the approaching traffic conflict and turning the 2 conflicting airplanes. 2) Air Traffic Control never used the term 'traffic' to either of the 2 conflicting airplanes. they were too nonchalant. 3) Air Traffic Control approving wrong altitude for direction of flight to the other aircraft. my pilots union has filed an FOIA request to get all of the information to include communications recordings from ZKC so we can review them. it was determined an Air Traffic Control Operational Error by ZKC,Attitude;Communication Environment;Other;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
543371,ON 04/FRI/02; I was landing to a full stop on runway 05 at LAF (purdue university airport) after a series of touch and go'S. the pattern and frequency was extremely congested and the tower transmission were sometimes garbled and hard to hear. after landing on runway 05; I heard another garbled instruction. I believe I heard my instruction was to make a turn onto runway 10-28 and them to exit on charlie 1; contact ground on 'point niner.' I turned onto the runway and thought I was to turn onto charlie 1. after I missed the bravo intersection tower had informed me that I had missed my turnoff off the runway and to contact ground on 121.9. upon exiting off runway 10-28 I contact ground and I was asked to call the tower once inside the Fixed-Base Operator. during my conversation with the tower I was informed that tower was having maintenance trouble with their radio XMISSIONS and was going to 'pull the tapes' to help their point of needing funding for tower radio repairs. I was also informed that the mis-communication regarding which exit point off the runway was going to be considered an 'incursion.' I am a 1700 hour flight instructor who has been teaching out of the LAF airport daily for the last two YRS. LAF is also considered a 'training airport' because of the high volume of training FLTS that take place. because of this truism; there are frequent mis-communications with student pilots and student controllers. I believe that having tower radios that should have been transmit properly and less congestion in the delta surface area could have prevented this 'incursion.,Communication Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
543786,WE were operating a part 121 air carrier flight. destination was CVG airport. ZID controller told us to descend from FL270 to FL260. we acknowledged the change and initiated a descent. instructions were 'descend and maintain FL260; 1500 Feet Per Minute in the descent.' this a very high rate for only a 1000 feet change. almost immediately after acknowledging; another voice came on the frequency and told us to descend to FL240 at 1500 Fahrenheit-Mach Number. we acknowledged and reset the altitude PRE-selector. almost immediately; the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II aural warning sounded; 'traffic; traffic.' the target appeared at 3 O'clock position and 2-3 mile. I disconnected the Auto-Pilot; manually increased the rate of descent and looked the window. an air carrier aircraft was SBOUND; at about FL260. at the time he passed overhead; Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II showed 600 feet separation. our descent rate was as high as 4000 Feet Per Minute. I manually leveled the airplane at FL240 and re-engaged the Auto-Pilot. the rest of the flight was uneventful. I believe this was a controller in training. this was the second time that his voice was superseded by another (possibly a supervisor) and his instructions overridden. either more training or closer supervision would seem appropriate. I DIDN't have his perspective; so I don't know what caused the conflict from his end; or what the reason was for the altitude change. it would seem that having us maintain FL270 until the crossing traffic passed would have ben safer,Proficiency
544301,ON taxi at SDF instructions were to hold short of taxiway Fahrenheit. we were on taxiway a holding short of taxiway Fahrenheit. ground came back and cleared us to taxi runway 17R via taxiway Fahrenheit; taxiway B. we started across taxiway Fahrenheit; to taxiway g; taxiway B; runway 17R. as we just passed taxiway Fahrenheit ground repeated clearance and said; 'you passed taxiway Fahrenheit; taxi via runway 11; taxiway B; to runway 17R.' there was no known traffic conflict airborne or on the ground. the 10-9 is very confusing on the depiction of TXWYS a; Fahrenheit and runway 11. next time I would ask for progressive. supplemental information from ACN 544456: airfield marker are somewhat confusing where TXWYS a; Fahrenheit and runway 11 all meet,Other
544794,PNF pulled flight guidance circuit breaker to simulate loss of Electronic Flight Instrument System. this breaker also controls Auto-Pilot; altitude ALERTER; and pressurization controller. clearance was to FL210. I overshot altitude by at least 1000 feet before catching mistake. Pilot Not Flying also failed to monitor instruments. Pilot Not Flying asked for lower altitude and we were cleared to the altitude at which we already were. there were no traffic conflicts and controller did not say anything. contributing factors were: lack of planning or PRE-brief on Pilot Not Flying'S part. Pilot Flying did not slow down and was distracted while trying to maintain speed during descent. in the future this crew will PRE-brief simulated emergency. in this CE525; pilot in right seat should fly rest of leg; as this position has full instrumentation. pilot in left seat would then monitor instruments and do communications,Preoccupation;Proficiency
545199,20 minutes prior to takeoff; I informed the Captain I was getting our clearance for our return leg to DFW from MEX. I wrote the clearance on a piece of paper as UJ81 NLD as Fahrenheit maintain 350 via toluca A1 squawk XXXX. I then pulled out the departure and commented to the Captain 'this is strange; they have us making a right turn after takeoff; we always make a left turn at vasos intersection.' he said 'call them back to verify.' so I called clearance delivery and asked 'verify it is the toluca alpha 1 departure for air carrier x.' they responded 'affirmative.' the Captain was flying and upon reaching vasos; he initiated a right turn to intercept the 197 degree radial and departure asked what our heading was. I told them 'we are in the right turn to 197 degree.' departure advised us 'that was not your clearance; turn left to a heading of 350 degree.' I had the terrain feature on my side and still thought it was odd they gave us the toluca alpha 1. the terrain was never a problem -- it was in sight visually and through the Ground Proximity Warning System. departure then advised us that we were given the TULAS alpha 1 departure. I told them I had called twice to verify the clearance. I now see where the problem lies: the 2 departures sound the same. they can be easily confused. please change the names of the departures to something obviously different from one another. supplemental information from ACN 545196: after receiving clearance from MEX clearance delivery; my First Officer told me that our departure was not what was on our flight plan. the flight plan had TULAS alpha 1 -- Air Traffic Control gave us toluca alpha 1. I had the First Officer verify 2 times our departure clearance. both times it was read back to Air Traffic Control as toluca alpha 1. upon departure; as we turned right as the toluca alpha 1 departure reads; we were told that we were in error,Other
545579,FLYING S near SFD VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range under MAIQUETIA control; an air carrier flight passed approximately 4 mile off our left wing at same flight level (FL350). we had traffic on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II and in sight and received a Traffic Advisory alert. supplemental information from ACN 545571: we were Visual Flight Rules above all clouds and had the aircraft in sight the entire time. MIQ seemed confused at air carrier Y being at our position. we had previously requested a climb to FL370; but had not yet received clearance to climb. air carrier Y questioned center on their intentions for both aircraft and if they knew we were co-altitude in the same vicinity,Other
545989,ACR x was issued the angel 1 Standard Instrument Departure via Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System. air carrier x departed runway 25R and was observed by the S ground controller (ground controller #1) executing a right turn at approximately 1000 feet Mean Sea Level. the correct departure procedure for this Standard Instrument Departure when departing runway 25R is: runway heading until the SMO 160 degree radial; then turn left heading 220 degree. the S local controller (local controller #1) immediately issued a left turn to air carrier x to avoid a conflict with an MD80 that departed runway 24L on a 250 degree heading. the closest distance was approximately 3500 feet horizontal; 3000 feet lateral and zero feet vertical. (the CTRLINES of runway 25R and runway 24L are separated by a little more than 4300 feet.) this is not the first time that there have been issues with an aircraft that has departed runway 25R on the angel 1 Standard Instrument Departure executing a right turn at approximately 1000 feet Mean Sea Level. air carrier Y no longer utilizes the angel 1 Standard Instrument Departure due to several incidents of the same nature with its B757 and B767 fleet. air carrier Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) has experienced several incidents of this nature with its B757 and B767 fleet in the past several months. these events have been documented to an extent on the facility daily log. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: tower specialist advised there have been no recent RPTS of Flight Management System Standard Instrument Departure deviations. the specialist advised that some air carrier'S have withdrawn from Standard Instrument Departure usage. one possible reason provided by the users for incorrect directional turning was that the Flight Management System seemed to search the Flight Management System director for the correct runway with its associated WAYPOINTS; that the runways and WAYPOINTS were too close together and in too short proximity to the runway departure end to correctly and efficiently identify which route it was to fly. the Flight Management System could eventually sort this out; but timing was insufficient due to controller traffic and workload off both runway complexes. the specialist advised that the Flight Management System procedures were under review,Resource Deficiency;Taskload
548004,WE were preparing to depart to do 3 takeoffs and 3 LNDGS in the pattern at BAF. I was planning to fly the aircraft; since the throw-over yoke was on my (right seat) side. there are no brakes on my right side of the aircraft. the owner of the aircraft; after I yelled twice to 'stop!' stopped the aircraft on the hold line markings. the controller shouted for us to 'stop now!' after catching my breath; I said that 'we were stopped.' I asked the owner why he did not stop. he said that he'D thought we were cleared for takeoff. I was well aware that I had only been cleared to taxi and had there been brakes on my side (right side) of the aircraft; this incident would not have happened at all. I believe that all General Aviation aircraft should have brakes on both sides of the aircraft. I am glad that there was no other aircraft in the pattern; and that we did not advance into the white runway boundary area. (the main gear was on the hold lines and the nose gear was no more than about 2 feet past the last markings.) in the future when I fly on the right side of an aircraft with no brakes on that side I will brief the person on the left side that we will stop well before the hold short line! I don't even want to come close to this type of situation again,Resource Deficiency
548572,UPON being told to taxi across runway 25 to hold short of runway 21L; we inadvertently passed the hold short marker and lines thinking they were the lines for runway 25. after crossing them; I noticed that the yellow lines were backward and the red sign was behind us. the sign we were using as a reference to the runway hold short point was the yellow and incorrect one. the tower either DIDN't notice or DIDN't say anything and we departed without a word being said about mistakenly crossing the line. this is a known 'hot spot' for runway incursions and needs to be marked better. it is unnatural for us as safety conscious pilots to hold short on an active runway (runway 25) as in this situation. our instinct to be clear of both runways by taxiing between the lines as in the diagram created an unsafe situation. this situation is well known at luk and should be rectified. we; as transient pilots; can only go by the standards in signs and markings and these are CLRLY deficient,Resource Deficiency
549015,DURING initial radar vectors for arrival to sanford; Flight Level; orlando approach advises aircraft x to turn right; heading 270 degree; maintain 3000 feet; radar vectors for Instrument Landing System runway 9L. aircraft x acknowledged. Air Traffic Control cleared aircraft x to turn left; heading 80 degree for visual approach runway 9L. aircraft x advised he is requesting radar vectors on to the localizer for the Instrument Landing System; nine left. Air Traffic Control turned aircraft x right heading 230 degree for the Instrument Landing System approach runway 9L. Air Traffic Control then cleared aircraft x to turn left 180 degree maintain 2000 feet. aircraft x acknowledged (delayed on this heading until we passed through the localizer; I was thinking at the time; this was probably because traffic preventing a turn to intercept the localizer). Air Traffic Control cleared aircraft x to 'turn left; heading 070 degree to intercept the localizer; maintain 2000 feet upon intercept; and you are cleared for the Instrument Landing System approach runway 9L. during my READBACK; we received an Resolution Advisory. we initiated a climb; and almost immediately after; approach control directed us to climb to 2100 feet. the Flight Engineer stood up from his seat and stated that a small aircraft; which looked like a cessna; was passing directly below us. the separation indication on the Traffic Advisory-Resolution Advisory read 300 feet,Other
551513,ENRTE home to CA from a fly in; landed for fuel at ZZZ1 and then continued on to next stop in ZZZ2 Visual Flight Rules at 4500 feet! after landing at ZZZ3 was contacted and advised that I had flown thru a temporary flight restriction over ZZZ. when checking weather and NOTAMS that morning in the computer I remember seeing a TFR for the tourist landmark in ZZZ4 and a number of others around the country; but none for ZZZ. I may have looked right at it; but cannot recall seeing it. at ZZZ1 prior to departure I read the airport bulletin board and find it strange that with a TFR so close that there was no bulletin concerning it posted. I switched my Very High Frequency communication to 121.5 right after departing ZZZ1 and never heard any calls concerning an aircraft approaching and then penetrating the TFR which I find strange also,Other
552365,LOSS of thrust during XFEED operations on right engine. apparent FLAMEOUT; in cruise flight at FL340. right engine (supply side during procedure; pumps on) lost thrust approximately 5 minutes into balancing with XFEED open and left pumps off; correcting 1000 pound IMBAL. Captain selected flight on ignition switch while I located INFLT engine start irregularity procedure. XMITTED on 121.5 while exiting bravo track and vacating FL340 for FL280. INFLT engine start successful during descent to FL280 at approximately 240 Knots Indicated Airspeed. communications with dispatch concurred OVERWT landing at SFO -- 316000 pounds; flaps 25 degree; normal touchdown. braking initiated at 100 Knots. supplemental information from ACN 552489: at cruise FL340; at bluff; while balancing fuel; XFEEDS open and feeding from right to left side; right engine rolled back. was about to turn on boost pumps and close XFEEDS when flight attendant knocked on door and First Officer went to open door. I turned to see who was entering and took a drink from flight attendant when I heard a bell; looked up and saw the AUTOTHROTTLE disconnected. then I started noticing electrical system fall off line. I first suspected an electrical generator failure; but then noticed the right engine winding down. I moved the throttle to see if there was a reaction and the engine did not respond. we immediately put the continuous ignition to see if it would wind up; it did not. the engine restarted and responded normally. after talking to maintenance coordination and dispatch; an OVERWT landing was deemed ok. we kept all pumps on and both XFEEDS on until 30 minutes from touchdown; then configured normally,Resource Deficiency
553088,I was acting as the First Officer; and also the Pilot Flying. we departed runway 8 at FXE and were flying a 090 degree heading. shortly after departure; our radar was painting a line of cells extending on a n/S line. the Captain asked for deviation S of course for the weather. Air Traffic Control responded 'unable' and 'turn left heading 070 degree.' the Captain then questioned the heading and said; 'a S heading would work better for us.' Air Traffic Control responded that there was a flow of traffic inbound to the area coming around the S and that the southern heading would not work. we turned to the 070 degree heading. the radar confirmed the 070 degree heading would take us n of the line. Air Traffic Control advised us 'cleared direct new bight when able.' after receiving this clearance; I entered direct to new bight on the second Flight Management System and looked at the course display on the MFD. it confirmed that a direct course would take us through the northern cell and made a direct still unsafe. I determined we would need a few more minutes on this heading before making the turn. at this point; the Pilot In Command asked why I WASN't taking a turn to the S. I replied that we still needed a few mile on this heading before turning. he then said that if Air Traffic Control cleared us direct to new bight; we could deviate S of the line and then proceed direct. a heading of 180 degree or so would be necessary to stay clear of the weather. I then questioned the statement and said 'are you sure they don't want us to stay on this heading; and when clear then make the turn?' he said no; and instructed me to make the turn to the S. I was uncomfortable with this and again questioned the turn with him. again he instructed the southern turn; at which point I turned. soon after the turn; Air Traffic Control asked for our current heading. the Pilot In Command replied '170.' Air Traffic Control then proceeded to inform us that was not the intent of the clearance and that we SHOULDN't have made the turn. I think it is clear that a breakdown in communications occurred. as the First Officer I was unsure of an appropriate response and felt that after questioning the Pilot In Command twice; my responsibility was to comply with his direction. looking back; I think the best course of action would have been to query Air Traffic Control further before taking any action,Communication Environment
554034,WORKING feeder sector during extremely busy/complex sessions. BE10 (too busy; I think it was BE10 was in level flight direct MQI. F15 flight departed LFI on departure procedure NEBOUND. I climbed the flight to FL230. as they approached; I called traffic to the BE10. he saw the fighters; but Instrument Flight Rules separation was lost. the closest looked like 500 feet vertical; and 1 mile or so lateral as fighters climbed. the traffic was incredibly busy. numerous F15 FLTS arriving/departing with heavy traffic otherwise. also; the sector covers a large geographic area. a lot to scan when you are busy. all traffic crosses and the BE10 was on an 'odd' direct routing; not on usual flow up/down airways. don't know what I would do differently. stopping departures might work; but F15'S come back with little fuel. ARRS can't wait. this session was crazier than I remember in a longitude time,Taskload
554810,SFO taxi out instructions were taxiway a; taxiway Fahrenheit; taxiway B; runway 1L. taxied out taxiway a; taxiway F1; taxiway B; runway 1L. as entered taxiway F1; ground said we were now on taxiway F1 which was old taxiway Fahrenheit. no conflict. reviewed 10-9; 10-8; and NOTAMS again. no mention of new taxiway F1. 10-8;9 pages still show as taxiway Fahrenheit. returned to SFO later in day and taxiway signs are correct for taxiway Fahrenheit and new taxiway F1 (old taxiway Fahrenheit). pubs are not accurate. last posted JUL/XB/02 revision 1515. followed habit pattern of taxiway Fahrenheit and charted location; did not follow new signs. recommend new 10-8; 10-9 pages be issued next revision and immediate Notice To Airmen noting change from old taxiway Fahrenheit to new taxiway F1. callback conversation with an SFO airfield operations supervisor revealed the following information: on JUL/XA/02 at XA00 local; the following changes to the SFO taxiway system were to take effect: 1) existing taxiway Fahrenheit between TXWYS B and left was REDESIGNATED as taxiway F1. (this taxiway is and will remain closed until signage is installed.) 2) new taxiway Fahrenheit originates at taxiway B between TXWYS J and taxiway F1; then intersects both runways 1L&right; terminating at the runway 28L threshold. 3) TXWYS a and B between TXWYS D and g have been widened and realigned to the NE. it was also noted that the provider of the commercial airport diagram chart has been advised of the taxiway changes,Resource Deficiency
556979,NEW reinforced flight deck door installed. door opened on takeoff. found power cutoff switch in 'off' position. lock fail light was on. system was operating normally. new system and rushed PREFLT and new full route clearance,Familiarity;Pressure
557341,ACFT #1 RPTED turbulence at FL290 and asked what the rides were like lower. I asked aircraft #2 at FL280 and he said it was smooth. aircraft #1 asked for FL270. I checked for other aircraft; did not see any data blocks that were a factor; and descended aircraft #1 to FL270. I had some data block overlap and was moderately busy. aircraft #2 RPTED traffic on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II and that he had visual. I turned both aircraft 20 degree right until separation was re-established,Physical Environment;Taskload
557850,FOLLOWING regaining of control on taxiway; was instructed to proceed on taxiway V; cross runway 16R to W ramp. after doing so; I requested to taxi back to E side of airport. tower or ground controller (cannot recall which) cleared me to cross runway 16R on taxiway V; hold short of runway 16L. I almost reached runway 16L when controller told me to stop. I realized I had crossed the hold line for runway 16L. after an aircraft landed on runway 34R (runway 16L); I was cleared to cross runway 16L to the E ramp. in fairness to myself; I was still somewhat shaken up by the first incident. the controller'S alertness kept me from proceeding further towards the runway. still; it made me again aware of the need to be extremely careful of CLRNCS and; in particular; when 2 parallel (runway 16R/16L) runways are involved; how easy it is to confuse the two,Attitude
558321,I was notified by the morning crew on AUG/sat/02 that some feathers were found on the WALKAROUND in one of the ENGS. I was the First Officer on the AUG/FRI/02 evening crew and completed the POSTFLT WALKAROUND. I checked both ENGS with my flashlight (intake; bypass and turbine sections) and also the wing and flap sections. I DIDN't see anything abnormal. the morning crew was delayed. I always do a complete POSTFLT; but apparently did not see the feathers,
560561,DEPARTED at XA00; off at XA12 Central Standard Time. approximately 75 Nautical Mile from original city during departure with climb power. at FL250; #2 engine overheat light flickered on 3-4 times; several times more during references to Quick Reference Handbook. Quick Reference Handbook engine overheat actions were taken with overheat light extinguished; never to illuminate again except during system tests. after successful and normal overheat/fire system test being performed; selectively placed #2 fire loop switch from normal loop a and B. fault light came on with loop a only selected with additional references to Quick Reference Handbook. contacted maintenance for additional suggestions of system checks and any recommendations of corrective actions. no assistance given except adhere to Quick Reference Handbook fault light. flight attendants and passenger advised of turn back due to 'problem with engine maintenance monitoring system and not being repairable in destination city.' contacted Air Traffic Control for turn back and recovery with immediate descent and arrival condition with center and arrival. no emergency declared with Air Traffic Control. advised of returning for maintenance items only. due to time compression; explanation to flight attendants; extensive Air Traffic Control coordination; and routing; and advising 3 different controllers of nature of problems; dispatch was not advised. return was uneventful with reduced thrust as required on #2 engine for normal flap 30 degree approach. landing runway 25L with arrival at gate at XA55 Central Standard Time. contact was made with dispatch and maintenance control immediately upon arrival at gate. apologies and explanations were made to dispatch for non-contact. aircraft had history of similar problem with last event on sep/thur/02; which was 2 days prior to first page in logbook. maintenance control agreed with crew actions; checking of test system for fault light; and turn back for corrective repairs. assistant chief was contacted within 15 minutes of arrival with full explanations of events. upon advice from chief pilot; as soon as possible actions were initiated with written RPTS to follow. crew and passenger were XFERRED to second aircraft within 1 1/2 hours of arrival for uneventful flight. supplemental information from ACN 560560: flight departed. I was Pilot Flying. during CLBOUT; passing approximately 25000 feet; we experienced an intermittent #2 engine overheat light. we retarded the thrust lever without result. the overheat light continued to flicker but never illuminated steadily. the Captain attempting to troubleshoot selected 'a' loop and got a 'fault' light; flickering ceased. he then selected 'B' loop; and got an intermittent overheat once again. after a very brief conversation with maintenance; he elected to return to original city. the subsequent approach and landing were uneventful; no further problems noted. I feel we handled the situation well. the Captain ran the appropriate CHKLISTS before attempting to fix the problem. he let the Quick Reference Handbook do its job in troubleshooting and then made the decision to return. I was flying and continued to do so while he sorted things out. we each fulfilled our roles and brought the situation to a successful end,Pressure;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
563176,AFTER second chime I proceeded to the aft of aircraft to start the beverage service but flight attendant #2 received a call to put everything away. we were going to divert to JFK due to an engine failure. Captain said right engine had to be shut off and to prepare the cabin for landing in 12 minutes,Resource Deficiency
563616,DSNDING into lax on the PDZ 4 Standard Terminal Arrival Route; we were stepping down. passing PDZ; we set up runway 24R approach. the controller said unable approach. while passing the Initial Approach Fix turn (ARNES); they had us expedite descent. doing both rapidly got us behind; being task saturated. being new to this Flight Management System airplane DIDN't help the situation. setting up the approach; checking each fix/course/altitude took a few moments to make sure we DIDN't execute anything incorrectly. trying to decipher between what raw data said and the Flight Management System gave us a moment of question. we ended up being just n of the runway 24R localizer; where turned back to a heading to REINTERCEPT runway 25L localizer. we tried to REPOS ourselves back into the line-up where we belonged. approach control came back; gave us heading/altitude to rejoin runway 25L final course. at no point were we lost; too low or was safety in jeopardy. we were vectored back into line; descended on the approach as charted and landed without incident,Familiarity;Pressure;Taskload
564147,WE were taking off on runway 9 at bos airport. at approximately 85 Knots; the Captain'S side window opened and slid to the completely open position. after 1 unsuccessful attempt to close the window; I called 'abort;' we switched control of the aircraft (it was the First Officer'S takeoff); made a call to tower; made a Public Address to the passenger to remain seated; and slowed to taxi speed on the runway. we decided it was safe to taxi clear of the runway and then stop. once stopped; we completed appropriate CHKLISTS; closed the window (checked its operation to be normal); checked our brake cooling charts; and then made another Public Address to the passenger informing them of the problem and our intention to taxi back for another takeoff. after talking with our company operations; we advised tower of our intentions to taxi for another takeoff. the second attempt at takeoff went smoothly. lessons learned: 1) maybe my little 'hit' on the locking handle to ensure the window is closed needs to include a small pull also. 2) had this occurred at 120 Knots; I can see how the initial shock might cause you to want to abort. things are always different than the simulator. at 120 Knots; this needs to be addressed in the air. 3) the flight attendants can barely hear the initial Public Address to 'stay seated' due to seat position and abrupt rejected takeoff maneuver. 4) standard procedures and policy really help when 'surprised' at XA15 (early morning) during takeoff. the First Officer and myself found ourselves quickly performing the practiced rejected takeoff maneuver without much confusion,Other;Unexpected
564700,DURING the First Officer'S PREFLT at the outstation; the right side nose tire was found to be worn down to the cord in one area. maintenance control was contacted and the item recorded in the maintenance log. contract maintenance was called to inspect the tire and; to most everyone'S surprise; signed-off the tire as within limits for 1 revenue flight to a maintenance OPS Base Operations Office. so; we flew passenger 1 leg back to our hub where maintenance was standing by to change the tire. that mechanic asked if we had ferried the plane in. I said 'no' because the contract mechanic had approved our 1 revenue flight. I showed our mechanic the write-up and sign-off. his response was 'bull....' the union representative I talked to about this flight was also quite skeptical about the validity of the contract mechanic'S sign-off and suggested I write this report,Resource Deficiency
565307,TWR was in a bad mood; all too common. I was in a hurry; as my generator won't run landing lights very longitude. I RPTED left downwind abeam. tower told to follow archer on 6 mile final. I extended downwind 3 mile at 65 MPH. I queried tower; 'where'S the traffic?' really; I don't recall the reply; but I felt ok to turn OPS Base Operations Office. I was 1 mile offset from final approach course. I was clear to land #2. I saw traffic ahead on final before; while on downwind. 1 mile from threshold; I decided to look behind and to my right. traffic; right next to me; lights blazing! I added power and got mad. closest I've ever been to a crash; nobody saw nobody. I called tower later and discussed situation. tower previously told another aircraft (the one I almost hit?) to 'great off approach.' I don't know whose fault; some mine; I'Mach Number sure. problems: SDL tower always grumpy; unhelpful if you're not turbine. many aircraft; mixed types; poorly coordinated. did I misidentify and cut off my traffic to follow? lessons: never stop looking; saved 2 or more lives this very day. these flight schools fly 5 mile '747' patterns at 60 MPH in busy airspace. why? push Air Traffic Control to do it right. share blame; some was mine. P.S. SDL has had midair'S before; and will again. we (General Aviation pilots) need to better our relationship with PHX towers,Attitude;Physical Environment;Pressure;Taskload
565965,I taxied my airplane into a hole on a grass taxiway and caused a minor propeller strike. there was no loss of Revolutions Per Minute and I did not realize that the propeller had impacted the sod. I flew from vashon to renton airport (about 20 Nautical Mile) and then back to vashon; still without realizing the strike had occurred. when I did the PREFLT prior to leaving vashon the second time; I discovered grass stains and nicks on the propeller tips. I then flew the airplane from vashon to tacoma (TIW) to have the propeller checked by a mechanic. he had the propeller repaired and performed the required airworthiness directive. upon reflection; I feel that I should not have flown the airplane without having it first inspected by a mechanic. perhaps more information could be made available about the potential seriousness of a propeller strike. I think that there are at least 2 human performance considerations: 1) failure to complete a thorough PREFLT when leaving renton; after the first flight leg; and 2) lack of knowledge about the serious nature of even a minor propeller strike,Familiarity;Proficiency
567060,ACFT is a single pilot without Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. I picked up 1 passenger for my return home. this passenger DIDN't want to situation in the right front seat because he wanted to do some paperwork. usually; I have a passenger in the right seat to help watch for traffic. my clearance out of FFZ was to climb to 4000 feet. the tower said there was traffic passing NE of the field and to watch for that traffic. after takeoff; I was able to spot airplanes while turning to 300 degree. when I contacted PHX departure; I was cleared to 6000 feet. the sun was low; and with the haze it was difficult to see other airplanes. departure control was very busy at the time. I engaged the Auto-Pilot so I could concentrate on clearing for traffic. I was given a new heading and altitude. I set them in the Flight Management System and continued the departure. shortly after leveling off at 8000 feet; the controller in a panicked voice; called a traffic conflict. he asked what my altitude was; and I replied 8000 feet. he said my clearance was to 7000 feet; I had traffic at my 3 O'clock position. I immediately looked to the right and never saw the traffic. he then cleared me to 12000 feet. in a couple of minutes he came back and gave me a number to call PHX when I landed. I called the number and talked to a supervisor. he said that they had listened to the tapes and I had been cleared to 7000 feet and had acknowledged 7000 feet. the conflicting traffic was a GULFSTREAM that was coming in from the NE. I never did see that traffic. as I concentrated on clearing for Visual Flight Rules traffic; I believe I inadvertently set the wrong altitude in the Flight Management System. by the time the conflict happened; I really DIDN't remember what altitude I'D been cleared to and assumed it was the altitude I'D set in. the altitude select in the C525 uses a single knob that selects altimeter settings both by angular displacement and the speed the knob is turned. if the knob is turned rapidly; it will change the altitude by thousands or tens of thousands of feet. with the same amount of rotation at a slower rate; it will change the altitude hundreds of feet. I suspect I turned the knob too rapidly and DIDN't realize it. this has happened before; but I've always caught it before. I have experimented with changing my technique when given headings and altitudes. I've tried to set the numbers in the system and check before responding. I've found this is much too slow for a busy controller. at PHX they often give headings; altitudes; altimeter settings in 1 transmission. they expect a quick response or are jumping on you for not listening up. usually there is no problem with responding and then setting equipment. if there is a lot of radio traffic; it makes it much more difficult to concentrate. I will be more diligent in checking altimeter settings on the Flight Management System in the future,Other;Proficiency;Taskload
569299,WE never received any information written; or radio XMISSIONS indicating there was clutter on the runway; even though clutter was present for at least 1 1/2 hour prior to our arrival. I talked to dispatch before I pushed to get an update; and dispatch called us airborne to update weather. neither our weather package nor dispatch information noted any clutter. we got 2 Automatic Terminal Information Service'S in the terminal area and it did not note clutter; braking action; or the fact that the BWI VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range azimuth was Out Of Service. Automatic Terminal Information Service was only 10-15 minutes old and RPTED visibility of a few mile. arrival also did not mention any of the missing information. when we had off flags for BWI VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range azimuth; we asked approach if the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range was working and he said no -- surprise #1. checked in with tower on 10 mile final -- First Officer was flying; it was his leg. tower cleared us to land and did not give us winds; Runway Visual Range; braking action or fact of clutter on runway. during the approach; it became apparent that visibility was significantly less than RPTED. I; the Pilot Not Flying; asked tower for the winds; visibility and braking action RPTS. he gave the winds; RPTED 3500 feet Runway Visual Range and braking action of good. at decision HT; I took the aircraft and executed the landing. the braking action was poor to fair with the anti-skid cycling many times. there was at least 100% slush on the runway at a depth of at least 1 inch. the only place where there was no slush was the few tire tracks on the runway. it was pretty obvious the slush had been there a while. I RPTED the slush to tower along with the braking action; and they said the airport was going to close at that time for at least 1 hour. I feel that someone must have known about the clutter. in the BWI pilot lounge; I called and talked to the same dispatcher I had been working with all day. he checked all his paperwork and could find no report of either clutter or VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range azimuth Out Of Service. later; I talked with airport senior operations manager; and he said the clutter was RPTED to BWI company operations at XA00; estimated via a 'SNOWGRAM.' I talked to the BWI operations manager on duty; and he said he knew nothing of clutter on the runway. another operations agent reached into the trash in operations and showed me a crumpled 'SNOWGRAM #1;' which said 'all surfaces wet snow depth less than 1/2 inch.' the time on the 'SNOWGRAM 1' was XA00 Eastern Standard Time. there was another 'SNOWGRAM #2' with a time of XC00 Eastern Standard Time RPTING 1/2 inch slush wet snow. somebody needs to get the word out to the guy (me) at the end of the food chain. I feel that I was set up. as the Captain; I had incomplete information with which to make a lot of quick critical decisions. I was never told about clutter from any agency; never told about the BWI VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range azimuth being Out Of Service; and practically had to beg for Runway Visual Range information. I believe the BWI airport dropped the ball. we do a lot of FLTS into and out of BWI; we need to demand the best out of them before someone gets hurt or an airplane bent. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR'S concerns are that BWI airport information was available prior to departure by the company; that although BWI approach had issued runway condition airport alerts; Air Traffic Control missed communicating important information to the Flight Crew for timely review for operational resolution prior to landing; and because none of this information had been passed along; they were 'hanging out there.,Physical Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
569721,WHILE cruising at FL330 en route from SJC to DFW; our Auto-Pilot and AUTOTHROTTLES disconnected; also the mach trim inoperative and yaw damper inoperative ANNUNCIATOR lights came on. the altitude select window went blank and the AIRSPD bug went to 300 Knots and stayed there. we requested a lower altitude and completed the appropriate CHKLISTS. the aircraft was initially difficult to control. it would yaw and roll excessively. unable to restore any of our lost components; we decided to declare an emergency and divert to las. during the approach; the aircraft was still very unstable. we made a normal landing in las. we stopped on the runway to let the fire crew check the aircraft out. there was no structural damage. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the problem was suspected to be a bus power problem; but has not been confirmed by maintenance. the RPTR said with the number of system inoperative; it had to be a power problem. the RPTR stated 1 circuit breaker was found tripped,Resource Deficiency
570692,ELECTRICAL failure occurred on the way into MLB. no indications on the alternator indicator light or the gauge warned of a problem. the first radio failed; so a second radio was to be used. before melbourne tower could be reached; the second radio failed. 7500 was mistakenly placed in the transponder instead of 7600. the radios continued to go on and off. we could still hear the tower and other aircraft; but could not transmit. we had traffic for runway 4 in sight; so we decided to approach and land. the emergency checklist was read off for emergency gear extension. while this was occurring; we received an alternating red/green light gun signal; so a go around was initiated. at this time the gear was down; and we proceeded for right traffic runway 4 with a flashing green light. once the light gun became solid green; the aircraft landed. we taxied with light gun signals back to the ramp. class D airspace was entered without acknowledgement from the melbourne tower; and 7500 was mistakenly placed in the transponder. there was no way to avoid entering class D airspace with 2-way radio communications; but I should have not engrossed myself in the electrical failure and gear problem to the point that I did not notice the incorrect transponder squawk code,Resource Deficiency
571537,UPON being briefed on local control; I was advised that we could land over a vehicle and personnel working on the approach lights; but could not depart. I advised the controller in charge that I did not think this was right. I also advised the supervisor. the men and vehicles were definitely in the runway protection zone. managerial ineptness created and maintained a dangerous situation. the vehicle was not on; but right at the approach; end of the runway. they were so close to the runway we could not depart because of the jet blast. numerous occurrences took place,Physical Environment;Proficiency
571930,WHILE passing through FL180; received a handoff from ZFW to regional approach. had been previously issued a clearance to cross howdy intersection at 11000 feet. my First Officer was the Pilot Flying. I (the Captain) was the Pilot Not Flying. since FL180 was the transition altitude; altimeters should have been switched over from 29.92 to 30.42. as a result of this action not being accomplished; our LEVELOFF was 500 feet higher than should have been. when approach asked about our altitude; I realized this fact. I was somewhat dismayed at my oversight of this all too important checklist item; and wondered what contributed to this. I think I know what happened. when the handoff came from ZFW at FL180; I thought this was an early handoff. I wondered if I were to request the W side for parking; would I get it? I let an event that occurred at a time that it was unexpected; and thoughts of post-landing events basically override what should normally take place. additionally; lately; I have been going the extra mile to conserve fuel as well as achieve early if not on-time ARRS. I should re-double my efforts to ensure that these extra efforts not replace normal checklist discipline,Proficiency;Unexpected
572286,I was Pilot In Command on a revenue flight from KDCA to day on jan/XX/03. upon landing in dayton; it was noted that the bag count reflected on our flight documentation was inaccurate. 2 checked bags were not included in the provided bag count. this 47 pounds did not exceed any weight limits; but it does indeed reflect an unacceptable inaccuracy by ramp personnel,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
575110,DEPARTED CVG; runway 27; whitewater departure. Air Traffic Control advised of and we encountered moderate turbulence climbing out of FL210. Air Traffic Control had us level off FL240 for traffic. moderate turbulence was being RPTED up to FL310 and we were still in it. traffic appeared on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II at approximately 10-11 O'clock position at 1000 feet above us. noticed separation decrease to +400 feet then +800 feet. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave us a Traffic Advisory followed by an Resolution Advisory to descend. followed Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II and descended approximately 300-400 feet and advised Air Traffic Control. Air Traffic Control contacted other aircraft and he explained that he had encountered enough turbulence to cause the altitude deviation. we saw the aircraft pass overhead (we were between cloud layers at the time). I don't believe that loss of separation was less than 700-800 feet,Other;Physical Environment
575606,I had not flown my PA28 for over a month. I was at the service center with my company'S g-IV and g-V. upon my return to the washington; DC area; opportunity was presented to fly my cherokee. I departure KEZF approximately XA10 with the intention of flying a local Visual Flight Rules flight. I headed SW approximately 15 miles and conducted various training maneuvers. I then returned to KEZF over flying the airport at an altitude of 2000 feet. customarily; I will conduct a Global Positioning System approach runway 24; for the intention of maintaining proficiency with instrument approach procedures and operation of the GARMIN 430 Global Positioning System receiver. I was aware of the 30 mile washington Air Defense Identification Zone; but thought that the Air Defense Identification Zone did not extend Federal Aviation Regulation enough S that it would conflict with the Global Positioning System runway 24 approach. additionally; I mistakenly assumed that the Air Defense Identification Zone would conform to the 30 mile class B outer ring of DULLES/washington. furthermore; I never contacted flight service; which is normally my practice; in order to discuss the area NOTAMS. the basis for not contacting flight service was that my primary mission intention was to fly within the immediate airport area; get the oil temperature up on the engine and boil off the moisture and land. however; as the flight progressed; I decided to do a little training. I attempted to contact potomac and quantico approach without success on both my #1 and #2 receiver. in my experience this is not unusual. generally it is more effective to fly to the RIC area and attempt to get into the system. I then tuned to my #1 receiver to 122.8 (shannon Common Traffic Advisory Frequency) and my #2 receiver to 121.5. I flew direct from shannon airport to the shannon Global Positioning System DURWO Initial Approach Fix; remaining at 2000 feet. upon crossing DURWO; I executed a course reversal to the S and re-intercepted DURWO. at all times; I was in Visual Flight Rules conditions; at an altitude of 2000 feet and always over the river. I continued on the inbound course to shannon runway 24 remaining at 2000 feet. upon reaching runway 24 missed approach point; I executed a missed approach to the left; returning to DURWO. I then executed another course reversal to the S and re-intercepted DURWO. after crossing DURWO; I descended out of 2000 feet for 1700 feet; inbound to the KUTPY Global Positioning System runway 24 fix. approximately 3 miles from KUTPY; I was intercepted by a customs helicopter and ordered to land. after landing; I was informed that I had violated; by a mile or more the washington Air Defense Identification Zone. it could probably be argued WHEATHER or not I actually penetrated the Air Defense Identification Zone. it DOESN't matter; I was too close. pilots don't like to make mistakes. I've been flying for forty-five years; all over the world; and never had an incident or violation. I got complacent; I assumed; when you should assume nothing in this business,Attitude
576030,ON our arrival at ZZZ; maintenance personnel discovered all 3 bolts which secure the quick disconnect to the #4 brakes were missing. all these bolts are normally secured by wires. it would be next to impossible for these bolts to work themselves loose on their own. either they were not installed properly on the last maintenance look at the brakes or else it could not be explained in any other way; but sabotage,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
576502,APCHING the DC Air Defense Identification Zone from the n; I obtained a transponder code and clearance into the Air Defense Identification Zone. just prior to entering the Air Defense Identification Zone some 15 to 20 minutes later; I asked Air Traffic Control to confirm my Air Defense Identification Zone clearance. Air Traffic Control said that clearance had already been given before. Air Traffic Control also advised that frequency change was approved and that I should maintain my squawk code until on the ground at gaithersburg. I repeated the instructions and changed frequency. by force of habit; I also pushed the Visual Flight Rules button on my transponder and started squawking 1200 in the Air Defense Identification Zone. after announcing my position on the Common Traffic Advisory Frequency; I realized my mistake and immediately restored the assigned squawk code. I then returned to the BWI approach frequency and explained my error. the controller reminded me that I was to remain on the squawk code until on the ground. I repeated the instruction and apologized. the controller said; 'no problem.' this error was caused purely by habit. controllers are constantly telling you 'frequency change approved; squawk Visual Flight Rules.' I was not told to squawk Visual Flight Rules in this case; but I did anyway because that'S what I always do; or did before the Air Defense Identification Zone. also; I did not expect to be told to change frequency when I asked for confirmation of my Air Defense Identification Zone clearance. this caught me slightly off guard. it was clear to me that this controller did not want to be dealing with me so I tried as quickly as I could to repeat his instructions and proceed to the Common Traffic Advisory Frequency. that haste on my part also contributed to my mistake. I hope that my quick recognition of this mistake and my correction of it helped to limit the trouble I caused,Proficiency;Unexpected
576985,ZAU requested us to make BEARZ at 11000 feet Mean Sea Level after holding us at a higher altitude. I advised the Captain that it would be difficult to accomplish; yet he responded to the controller 'BEARZ at 11000 feet.' ord center then came back and said to do the best you can to try and make BEARZ at 11000 feet. the descent required in excess of 5000 Feet Per Minute Ram Air Turbine/Ram Air Temperature of descent to accomplish. I initiated the descent towards 11000 feet. as I passed through 12000 feet Mean Sea Level; I adjusted the Auto-Pilot'S VSI rate of descent to accomplish a LEVELOFF in a safe fashion. unfortunately; due to the high rate of descent; the Auto-Pilot had already entered into the capture logic for 11000 feet. due to trying to 'adjust' the VSI controller when the Auto-Pilot had already entered into the 'capture' mode; it caused the Auto-Pilot to revert to raw pitch mode. I caught it immediately; but due to the continued high rate of descent and disconnecting of the Auto-Pilot; I overshot my altitude by 200 feet. the aircraft bottomed out at 10800 feet Mean Sea Level before climbing back to 11000 feet Mean Sea Level. the ord controller confirmed that we were; in fact; level at 11000 feet at BEARZ. we; in fact were; when he made the query. I'Mach Number not sure if his query was due to an altitude warning that he received when we momentarily bottomed out at 10800 feet Mean Sea Level. regardless of the reason for the query; an important lesson was learned. accepting a rate of descent in excess of 4500 Feet Per Minute is not prudent. in our case; 5000 Feet Per Minute was required to make the altitude restrict. in the future; I will be more forceful with the Captain and more explicit with Air Traffic Control with descent parameter restraints. additionally; I will not accept DSCNTS that require in excess of 4000 Feet Per Minute unless an emergency or critical situation exists. it goes back to the old adage of a 'failure to plan on your part; should not constitute a crisis on my part.' don['t let Air Traffic Control (or the Captain) paint you into a corner. additionally; during high rates of descent; be aware that most AUTOPLTS will enter into the 'capture' mode much earlier than you're accustomed to. be prepared for this,Other;Proficiency
577391,THIS was a REPOSITION leg with only myself and the copilot aboard. we were taxiing for takeoff as shown in the diagram below (from General Aviation ramp). the taxi instructions given to us by ground control were 'taxi to runway 25.' although I am the Captain and was sitting in the left seat; I was not the Pilot Flying on this leg; and was acting as the copilot. during the taxi; I had my head down most of the time. I was programming our route; reading CHKLISTS; arranging the cockpit; noting the times; and positioning the chairs. as we came to a stop; holding short of the runway; we did a before takeoff briefing and called the tower for the takeoff clearance. tower responded 'cleared for takeoff runway 28;' to which we replied 'roger; cleared to go on taxiway 28.' as my copilot began taxiing onto the runway; I was setting both our heading bugs to 280 degree (for my heading). we completed the before takeoff checklist; and as he started bringing the power up; I made a final glance across the flight instruments; and noticed that our heading was 330 degree; not 280 degree. we were on runway 33; not runway 28! I immediately aborted the takeoff and instructed my copilot to get the airplane off runway 33 and onto runway 28; and back taxi into position on runway 28. I also immediately contacted the tower and advised them that we had taken a wrong turn and would like approval to back taxi on runway 28. tower responded 'that is approved; but the next time you plan on taxiing on runway 33; let me know!' it was obvious he was aware of our mistake. some contributing factors were my copilot'S neglect to properly follow the taxi instructions; my neglect to realize he HADN't; and most importantly; both our neglect to follow Standard Operating Procedure'S. we could CLRLY have reviewed the taxi diagram before taxiing; completed some of the PRE-departure tasks on the ramp (prior to taxi); and briefed each other on what to expect before it happens. instead; our actions Light Emitting Diode us to a situation with a lot of DISTRS and some confusion which; in turn; caused us to make a stupid mistake that could easily have been avoided. it is my responsibility; as the Captain; to insure the flight is conducted in a safe manner; and within our company Standard Operating Procedure'S. by focusing more on this in the future; I'Mach Number sure mistakes like this are much less likely to occur,Attitude;Other;Preoccupation;Proficiency
577892,ON APR/thu/03 at approximately XA00 hours; I was dispatched to xxx us from YYY us hospital. the scene was approximately a 248 degree heading at approximately 13 mile from hospital. after liftoff; I contacted approach for flight following. prior to contacting approach; I listened Automatic Terminal Information Service and the approach frequency; and obtained traffic was departing runway 29. in order to keep traffic flowing in an orderly manner; I informed Air Traffic Control I would maintain 800 feet Mean Sea Level en route to the scene. while en route to the scene; I observed the radar altimeter showing our above ground level altitude was getting lower due to the rising of the terrain. I observed the radar altimeter showing an altitude of 300 feet above ground level; which is within our operating limits of my company'S operating manual. upon noticing the altitude being right at the OPS Base Operations Office of our operating limit; I adjusted my indicated altitude to 900 feet Mean Sea Level; which gave me a radar altimeter readout of 400-500 feet above ground level for the remainder of the flight. it should be noted; while landing at the first dispatched scene; I had to maneuver around antennas at the landing area. it should be noted; a fire department was present at our landing area; and secured the area for our landing. after landing at the first landing zone; it was discovered that hospital dispatch had sent out the wrong information about the landing zone. after receiving the correct information; we proceeded to the correct landing zone; approximately 3.5 mile NE of the first dispatched location. it should also be noted; I had to maneuver around antennas at this landing zone also; to make a safe landing,Other;Resource Deficiency
578216,THE galveston airport (GLS) where my aircraft is based is a non-controled airport with Automated Surface Observation System and a UNICOM Traffic Advisory frequency. I had checked the weather using DUATS; but missed the Notice To Airmen that indicated there was a temporary tower established friday (day of flight) through sunday; due to a function that was expected to draw additional traffic over the weekend. I was not aware of this; so taxied out and took off making normal Traffic Advisory'S on the UNICOM frequency. I was just going around the pattern once to warm the oil in preparation for an oil change. when making my turn to OPS Base Operations Office; the UNICOM operation advised me that there was a temporary tower in use and gave me the frequency. I called the tower and RPTED my position; and was cleared to land. no other traffic was in the area. this was not a widely advertised temporary tower; and nothing was noted; to my recollection on the Automated Surface Observation System; which would have alerted me of the change,Proficiency
579741,THIS SUBMITTAL is in reference to a call from PCT Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility after a one hour flight 04/sat/03; originating and ending at quantico turner airfield. the watch supervisor said that I failed to establish two-way communication with PCT approach after departing the traffic pattern. I did not establish two-way communication. despite extensive preparation including reassessment of Air Defense Identification Zone procedures through quantico pilot information files (PIF'S); watching the quantico quarterly safety meeting video on which Air Defense Identification Zone was highlighted; and communication with PCT and JYO Flight Service Station; a series of inadequate communications and events Light Emitting Diode confusion on the subject and ultimately my error. prior to departure; I reviewed the quantico PIF'S for sequential listings of Air Defense Identification Zone updates. I had flown a few weeks prior under PIF 03-03 and exited and re-entered the Air Defense Identification Zone without incident. some confusion arose in NYG PIF 03-07; the latest update to 03-03; that states pattern operations are allowed whether or not the tower is operating. this PIF does reiterate that pilots are required to file a security flight plan and squawk a discrete transponder code; but no mention is made of two-way communications being required. NYG PIF 03-11; regarding Notice To Airmen 3/2762 references 1234 transponder codes at towered airports. in this PIF; it states that prior to exiting the traffic pattern for operations within the Air Defense Identification Zone; a flight plan must be filed and discrete transponder code transmitted. it also states that two-way communications must be established prior to Air Defense Identification Zone penetration. the dispatcher at JYO Flight Service Station recited the Air Defense Identification Zone Notice To Airmen'S; but only mentioned the discrete transponder code and security flight plan requirements. I then filed a defense Visual Flight Rules security flight plan for local flight with JYO Flight Service Station. in the PREFLT check of the aircraft; I found that the radio was working differently than it had the last time I flew this specific aircraft. a push-to-talk switch had been installed through the hand-held microphone as an override to the normal yoke microphone button. I could hear incoming radio reception. I could not hear myself during transmissions. this made for difficult communications. this series of events Light Emitting Diode to so much confusion that I inadvertently forgot to call PCT approach on 124.65 after I departed the traffic pattern at quantico. the latest PIF suggested that I needed to establish communications only upon entry to the Air Defense Identification Zone from outside ('penetration'). in all the discussions and planning; never once was this requirement reiterated even when the other requirements were repeated. I was notified as soon as I landed that PCT approach watch supervisor had called; so I returned the call,Communication Environment;Other
580080,AS I was working a radar position during a time period of heavy weather; multiple aircraft were on vectors for approach and I was trying to provide weather advisories according to Airport Surveillance Radar-9 6 level weather returns. the weather returns were not accurate according to aircraft. aircraft were flatly refusing to enter clear or low level weather echo areas due to their airborne radar information. other aircraft were flying right through level 4-5 weather echoes RPTING no problems. we have had previous problems with this system. approximately 2-3 months ago; I noticed a problem with the weather returns and the source was tracked to an automatic circular polarization circuit. the same problems were noted on this occasion. the linear polarization circuits were showing substantially fewer returns than the circular polarization circuits. on the first occasion; airways facilities replaced a card in the Airport Surveillance Radar-9 and then had to re-do a clear day Missed Approach Point to set the weather return levels. on this occasion; 2 radar technicians; multiple controllers; 2 supervisors and others witnessed the events. the system was logged out on APR/FRI/03. the lead radar technician for the Airport Surveillance Radar-9 advised the morning of APR/sat/03 that the tests for intensities checked normal. he agreed the weather circuits are not right; but can do nothing about it. I advised him of the chaos and hazardous conditions that not having accurate weather causes. he replied that the technicians at BHM requested an Airport Surveillance Radar-9 optimization check; but were refused. we display Airport Surveillance Radar-9 data on stars displays (Automated Radar Terminal Systems or stars). I advised the technician that I felt very strongly about the situation. he said he knew how I felt and hoped we could get a radar optimization specialist down to fix the system. weather services are a high priority service to all aircraft. if this situation is not resolved; some of our younger controllers who don't have the experience are going to take somebody through a level 5 or 6 thunderstorm and they are not going to come out. the situation I had with this the other day was horrible. I had aircraft TURING on their own; refusing headings and generally avoiding areas of level 1 and 2 returns that were actually much higher. I just DIDN't know what they were because of the Airport Surveillance Radar-9 situation. we also have ghost level 2 weather echoes that will display on the stars display; but will not be shown as an available weather intensity to select. this has also been witnessed and verified. we have vectored aircraft around these returns and the pilots have verified the return was false. I wanted to report this situation to Aviation Safety Reporting System so that these safety related sits can be monitored and or trended. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR advised circular polarization issue was resolved. the error was determined as a failure in the ELECTROMECHANICAL gate switch in the circular polarization circuitry. weather would activate the automatic circular polarization circuitry; but would fail to fully engage; even though indicating the activation was completed. the controller advised that the problem was initially IDENTED in jan/03. the controller advised that maintenance initially thought the clear air Missed Approach Point was the problem. the controller alleged that it took months for management and maintenance to arrive at the conclusion that a radar optimization evaluation was required to identify the real problem,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
580476,I filed an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan from ZZZ to ZZZ1. I received a cleared as filed flight plan to maintain 4000 feet expect 9000 feet 10 minutes after departure. when cleared for takeoff I was given a 330 degree heading. when cleared to departure control they gave me a clearance to 6000 feet and a heading to intercept the victor 4 airway. shortly after receiving the clearance ZZZ RPTED problems with my mode Celsius altitude RPTING at approximately XA:10; NE of ZZZ3 VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range on V4. I experienced a total electrical failure. I tried reducing the electrical load and resetting the generator reset switch; generator breaker failed and cycled the master switch off then on to no avail. while doing this I climbed to my assigned altitude of 6000 feet in Instrument Meteorological Conditions conditions. shortly after reaching 6000 feet I found an opening in the clouds. maintaining Visual Flight Rules I descended below the clouds. once I was stable in cruise below the clouds I used my cellphone to call Flight Service Station at about XA:15 to XA:18. because of a quirk in the cellphone system I got the ZZZ2 Flight Service Station. I explained my situation and asked them to call ZZZ and tell them that I was Visual Flight Rules and ok. I requested that they cancel my Instrument Flight Rules flight plan. somehow the flight plan got changed to a Visual Flight Rules flight plan by the time I flew gear down and landed I was approximately 3 hours late and a phone search was in progress for me. they called the airport owner; my home; etc. I called an 800 number the airport owner had been given and it was ZZZ2 Flight Service Station and explained the situation. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the aircraft is called a silver eagle cessna 210 modified with a turboprop engine. the RPTR said the cause of the loss of primary electrical power was the failure of the main 150 ampere circuit breaker. the RPTR stated the breaker could not be reset in the air but did reset while on the ground. the RPTR said the aircraft was flown to a repair facility and the breaker remained operative. the RPTR stated while at the repair facility the breaker failed twice and was replaced. the RPTR said the breaker has a red button used for reset; but cannot be pulled out for electrical power disconnect. the RPTR stated this type of breaker is used on many small aircraft,Resource Deficiency
580897,ACFT x on ZZZ; APR/sat/03. reference log pages a and B 'a' check requires SVCING of crew oxygen. upon installation I opened bottle valve slowly to prevent high pressure oxygen into the system all at once. then the bottle valve is opened all the way immediately after; followed by a leak check. it was claimed that the bottle valve was not fully opened. I do not recall any interruptions that would have taken me away from the SVCING/installation procedure. aircraft departed ZZZ with no maintenance problem. same scenario was duplicated on aircraft Y on may/sun/03; with the crew oxygen bottle just cracked off its seat. log page B could not be duplicated with 2 maintenance personnel using Captain'S and First Officer'S oxygen stations,Resource Deficiency
581278,THE problem arose when my student was flying solo in Visual Meteorological Conditions daylight/dusk after tower had closed. the student has extensive PRE-solo experience operating out of both controled and UNCTLED fields. he had been instructed to make full stop LNDGS at santa rosa; with patterns to the left; and to report his position on Common Traffic Advisory Frequency after tower closed. he complied without apparent incident; except that while we were debriefing the flight; an irate baron driver stormed in stating that he almost overran a C152 on final and asserted that the cessna was not making radio calls. the student; who is normally very good; albeit somewhat awkward about making radio calls; asserted that he had indeed made calls that he saw (but did not hear) the baron; counted him no factor (on approximately 4 mile final) and was unaware of the conflict. upon further examination it became apparent that my student had used UNICOM frequency to make his RPTS instead of Common Traffic Advisory Frequency. the UNICOM/Common Traffic Advisory Frequency frequencies are the same frequency at all of the other UNCTLED fields we had used; and he assumed that this would be the case at santa rosa. his interpretation of his position relative to the baron was based upon experience with aircraft of like type in controled airspace of santa rosa; and with light piston singles and twins at the surrounding non-controled fields. he was not aware of; or else did not take into account; the difference in approach speeds between a baron and a C152; and discounted a collision threat as a non hazard,Communication Environment
581569,I was Captain on a challenger 601 from VNY to luk. our routing was the newhall six departure; DAG direct jot and the TARNE two arrival into luk. talking to ZLA; the controller gave us a change to our routing to be 'after daggett; direct las vegas; NV; direct joliet; rest of route unchanged.' the Pilot Not Flying read back the clearance correctly. thinking that I knew the IDENTIFIER for las vegas; NV; I entered in LVS into the flight plan on the Flight Management System. within a few minutes; we were given 'direct to las vegas; NV.' when entering direct to 'LVS' into the Flight Management System; the heading DIDN't change much; so I DIDN't give too much thought into whether it was correct or not. we were handed off to the next controller; and within a few minutes; she told us to return to our previously assigned frequency. the controller told us to turn to about a 360 degree heading and asked us what IDENTIFIER we had listed on our Flight Management System. realizing that a mistake had been made; the Pilot Not Flying correctly told the controller that we had 'LVS' (las vegas; Nautical Mile) in the Flight Management System; but we believe we should have had 'las' (las vegas; NV) in the Flight Management System. the controller said 'I told you twice to proceed to las vegas; NV;' of which we could not dispute. we were subsequently given direct to las; and were again handed off to the next controller again. at the time we were told to turn to the 360 degree heading; we were approximately 70 mile SW of las. nothing else was said to us by the controllers to indicate that any serious situation had occurred due to our error. obviously; this was an error on my part in the incorrect IDENTIFIER being entered into the Flight Management System. had I looked at the mileage to 'LVS;' which was at least 500 mile away; I would have easily caught the error. I should have verified the IDENTIFIER with the Pilot Not Flying as well before entering it into our flight plan. what would have also been helpful; especially to those pilots who may not frequently navigate in that part of the country; would have been for the controller to specify the IDENTIFIER code in the clearance (IE; 'cleared direct to las vegas; NV; (lima-alpha-sierra).,Proficiency
582148,WE were cruising at FL330 just passing Federal Air Marshal in light enough cirrus that we could see the cloud deck below us. we were at mach PT 76; engine and airfoil anti-ice off. our first indication of something wrong was the feel of developing moderate chop which became more uniform. the Captain; who was flying the aircraft; then noticed our AIRSPD had decreased to approximately 220 Knots Indicated Airspeed. he immediately disconnected the AUTOTHROTTLE and Auto-Pilot; pushed up both throttles and initiated a very slight descent. immediately after he mentioned our AIRSPD; I placed both the engine and airfoil anti-ice system on and got a clearance from center to descend to FL290. center approved the descent with no delay and asked us if all was ok and I responded in the affirmative. that was the extent of center'S inquiry. everything was back to normal well before leveling at FL290. at that point the Captain made a Public Address to passenger and asked the flight attendants what they had felt in the back of the airplane. the flight attendants said they felt no compressor stall; but on deplaning; a DEADHEADING pilot said he felt a slight compressor stall in one of the ENGS. therefore; the Captain wrote it up and called maintenance to investigate. supplemental information from ACN 582149: we felt what we first thought was light to moderate chop developing. it was different from most chop in that it was more uniform in strength. feeling that I immediately looked at the AIRSPD indicator. AIRSPD had unknowingly decayed to approximately 220 Knots Indicated Airspeed. right engine N1 was fluctuating about +/-6 Revolutions Per Minute'S and EGT was not elevated. I immediately perceived that we were possibly approaching a low speed buffet. he then cleared us to FL290 and asked if we needed further assistance. by that time the buffet had stopped and AIRSPD had increased. the buffeting had stopped at approximately FL326. the only conclusion I can come up with is that we must have been in actual icing conditions and I MISPERCEIVED it; and although the AUTOTHROTTLES did not disengage I should have noticed the UNCOMMANDED power reduction while we were conversing,Physical Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
582556,WHILE on the lagrange arrival into ATL; ZTL gave us several 1000 feet step-down altitude assignments. the last altitude assignment was 12000 feet and we were told about traffic at 11000 feet (a beech king air). we RPTED the traffic in sight (it was passing behind us and diverging) and we were handed off to atlanta approach. atlanta approach assigned us 11000 feet (we thought) and I read back the descent clearance as; 'down to one one; eleven thousand; air carrier x.' I then set 11000 feet in the altitude ALERTER and confirmed the altitude assignment with my First Officer (he was Pilot Flying and I was Pilot Not Flying). I then switched to communication #2 to call our company and get a gate assignment. while I was talking with our company; the approach controller queried the First Officer on our altitude; which was 11500 feet. the controller stated that he was only pointing out traffic at 11000 feet and not giving us a descent clearance; he then cleared us to 8000 feet. there was no traffic conflict. the remainder of the flight was uneventful. this misunderstanding could have been easily avoided had the controller listened to and corrected my incorrect READBACK of what was obviously an altitude clearance and not an acknowledgement of traffic. it'S unfortunate that the Federal Aviation Administration feels they are not responsible for listening to and correcting incorrect READBACKS from pilots; it removes a vital safety link. the controller was not unusually busy; nor were we. I'Mach Number not sure what else I could have done to prevent this. both of us were certain we were given a descent clearance and I read it back CLRLY ('one; one; eleven thousand'). we also audibly confirmed the altitude assignment by stating 'eleven thousand' to each other after the altitude ALERTER was set. fortunately there were no traffic conflicts. fortunately most controllers listen to READBACKS and correct incorrect CLRNCS,Other
582850,LOCATION: miami airport Mach Number TXWYS; taxi after; land. the recent chart revision replaced miami 10-9 and 10-8 pages. both show the incorrect numbers for many of the Mach Number TXWYS on the n side of the airport. this could lead to confusion and problems. please ask chart company to correct as soon as possible. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR states that his employer; a major air carrier; has issued timely notification to their pilots as a result of his report. to the best of his knowledge there has been no wider dissemination of this information,Other
583231,AFTER takeoff on runway 35L at den the master caution system began to cycle on/off climbing through 12000 feet on departure. it would not cancel. it was caused by a cycling accessory door warning light. both pilots understood Air Traffic Control had cleared our flight for a visual approach to runway 35L after we requested a return to den. we lined up to follow traffic we believed we were supposed to follow and were surprised when the tower informed us we were supposed to land on runway 35R. we did so without further incident. in retrospect I believe the manufacturer provided CHKLISTS are at the root of our MISCOM with Air Traffic Control. during the 5 minutes from the onset of the event to landing we had to visit 7 sections of a physically difficult to use; 3/4 inch thick; booklet style checklist. its full of non essential verbiage that; during time critical events; increase crew workload and opportunity for error. as an example; it is not intuitive to locate a 'door caution light' by turning to 'tab V-5.' one must first visit an index that goes on and on for pages. the 'gama' checklist format and the verbiage chosen by the manufacturer is best understood if you put yourself in the shoes of the manufacturer'S lawyer. some human factors study of the value of such CHKLISTS would be most useful. it would be interesting to see what a CREDENTIALED human factors; Cockpit Resource Management knowledge group (such as the National Aeronautics and Space Administration/university of texas group) would derive from a study of business jet cockpit checklist development,Communication Environment;Unexpected
583688,APPROX XA00 received takeoff clearance from CRQ tower on runway 24 with right downwind exit from pattern. uneventful departure; weather very hazy at twilight; proceeded downwind climbing to 1800 feet. proceeded E for approximately 2 Nautical Mile; then started turn ESE toward RNM. in process I crossed the extended CTRLINE of CRQ runway 24 which was being used for Instrument Landing System approaches. Automated Surface Observation System calling 1900 feet overcast and visibility 10 mile at the time. after crossing extended CTRLINE; tower called and asked for immediate S turn for traffic. I complied; however did have a king air in sight inbound on the Instrument Landing System. tower controller asked we not cross his CTRLINE in the future. I advised that I understood and would not. this may have resulted in reduced separation for the Instrument Flight Rules traffic. I should have requested a left downwind departure to facilitate not having to cross CTRLINE. will do so if this happens again,Physical Environment
585451,WE were approximately 50 mile NNW of ABQ. center cleared us to FRIHO intersection and the FRIHO 3 arrival to ABQ. at this time were also cleared to descend to 15000 feet. about 2 minutes later center turned us over to ABQ approach. upon switching we heard approach tell an airliner to make an immediate right turn after which we heard the airliner say they saw the target on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II and already took action. at this time we did not know it was for us. when we checked in with approach; the controller asked us what altitude we had been assigned by center and replied; '15000 feet.' when we landed; the tower called us at the Fixed-Base Operator to ask us about the incident. they told us that we should have been at 16000 feet at FRIHO intersection. because weather was E of the airport; and departing n and WBOUND aircraft are given 15000 feet by departure. apparently tower calls center to make this change. at this point; tower said they would review the tapes and call us back. when they called back; they said we did read back accurately what we were instructed to do. they said we were not to be blame. they also said they were not sure if center got the message for 16000 feet or not. they were going to review tapes on that as well,
585613,IFR filed plan from ESN to GAI (eastern; MD to gaithersburg; MD) which has GAI in washington Air Defense Identification Zone. controller was busy. I had Visual Flight Rules pilot checking out in high performance aircraft. controller asked if I was 'familiar.' I asked; 'with what?' controller said 'cancellation procedure.' I said; 'yes.' when GAI was in sight; we requested lower altitude. Air Traffic Control granted and gave us visual and I said we would maintain 'squawk to ground.' I got busy with the 'slam dunk' approach (visual) by trainee. landed without event but DIDN't cancel Instrument Flight Rules until we had pushed aircraft back into its tie-down (less than 10 minutes). I canceled with potomac clearance on ground remote which is standard and they acknowledged. we usually cancel on the taxiway. I dropped the ball; probably; because I had flown into this airport about 4 times in the past week Visual Flight Rules with an Air Defense Identification Zone transponder code which is maintained to the ground. but; Visual Flight Rules; there is nothing to cancel. I believe it is worth Air Traffic Control communication time to reiterate 'cancel in the air or on the ground' on parting communication to aircraft. no damage or delays done here; but the area is busy and 10 minute canceling delays would be a problem,Proficiency
585851,APCH initial advised us to plan on the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range 23 approach. we were being vectored for downwind when all of a sudden approach gave us a turn towards the airport and asked us to report it in site (it was currently 3 mile in heavy hazy). after about one minute he gave us another vector away from the airport at which time I advised I had the runway in sight. he said wait a minute I have to call groton tower. so I continued toward the runway. we were high so I had to slow down get dirty and get a good descent rate going. we were on a 2.0 mile final when we finally checked in at about that time the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II said 'traffic traffic.' at which time I looked down and to my left; there was a cessna 310 turning a close in OPS Base Operations Office to final. tower then advised he had both of us in site; so I immediately pulled up and circled to the right. tower figured out the other aircraft was Visual Flight Rules and due to radar coverage; PVD approach had no idea he was there. I was very upset with myself on this. I felt one; approach controller lead me into this and I bite hook line and sinker. I had just finished reading your may issue about UNSTABILIZED approaches. I should of known better. next time around I will be sticking with the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range 23 approach and won't let someone else talk me into something,Physical Environment
587601,MY intentions were to take a Visual Flight Rules flight from lawrenceville; General Aviation to peachtree dekalb; grab dinner and fly home. at about XA30Z; I checked the weather; which was Visual Flight Rules at both LZU and PDK. the weather was also forecasted to remain Visual Flight Rules throughout the evening. I proceeded to the aircraft with passenger and his daughter. I did a thorough PREFLT of the aircraft and found it to be in airworthy conditions. during the PREFLT; I also checked the aircraft documents and found that arrow was in the airplane. after getting the Automatic Terminal Information Service at GWINNETT; I decided to take of using runway 7; departing to the E; since I was aware that there was an isolated thunderstorm cell SW of the airport according to the weather radar. I took off from runway 7 at GWINNETT and climbed to 3700 feet and started my WBOUND turn towards peachtree dekalb. I proceeded to get Automatic Terminal Information Service at peachtree and was told to expect runway 20L. there was quite a bit of traffic at the time of my arrival into class D airspace and due to the sun; it was hard to spot my traffic to follow. at one point; the controller instructed me to fly NBOUND to rejoin a 4 mile final for runway 20L; which I did. at that point; I had started my descent and using the checklist had started my PRE-landing checks. on about a 2 mile final; I put my gear down; flaps down and finished my checklist. on about 1 1/2 mile final; I checked for '3 greens; handle neutral; weather radar off; fuel pumps; propellers forwards; fuel tanks and Auto-Pilot off;' which is a final check that I had committed to memory. approximately on a 1 mile final; the controller changed my assigned runway to runway 20R as I just spotted the traffic in front of me. the last 600 feet of runway 20R was unavailable and I thought that I would be safer to land on runway 20L; so I requested runway 20L from the controller who assigned me to execute a right 360 degree at this time. I proceeded to fly a right 360 degree and remember bringing my flaps up to minimize drag. as I am flying my 360 degree; the controller clears me to land runway 20L and then proceeds to clear another airplane to land on runway 20L. I tried to keep my 360 degree fairly tight; realigned for final and while attempting to land on runway 20L; felt the airplane land on its belly and the propeller hit the ground. I steered the airplane using rudders as it stopped down the runway. I advised my passenger to evacuate the aircraft; while shutting off the electrical system and pulling the mixture to idle. I believe that when the controller assigned me to fly a right 360 degree while I was on short final; I started a go around procedure and brought my gear up and flaps up. this was a procedure mistake on my part since; the controller'S request was just for a right 360 degree; not a go around which is what kept me from checking the 3 green lights. I think that Air Traffic Control should try to avoid at all cost to assign a 360 degree to an aircraft that is so close to the ground on short final because it could potentially become a huge distraction to the pilot. such a maneuver is not quite a landing nor is it quite a go around; it is conductive to error making while flying in busy airspace. the aircraft did not sustain substantial damage nor was anybody injured,Physical Environment;Preoccupation;Proficiency;Taskload
588051,MY flight originated in santa monica; CA; with a destination of jefferson country airport; co. scattered to widely scattered thunderstorms with tops to FL450; with lower CUMULO form clouds with tops to FL300; required deviations left and right off course; beginning in S central utah and continuing into denver area. in the vicinity of aspen; co (ASE); at FL290; I was cleared to BJC via 'direct POWDR intersection thomson five arrival.' as Air Traffic Control began to step me down; deviations around buildups and areas of heavier precipitation were required almost constantly. I was relying on radar on board; as well as storm scope. as I descended through FL240; I was in and out of Instrument Meteorological Conditions; in moderate turbulence. the radar was showing wide areas of moderate precipitation; but no lightning. while deviating right off course and leveling at FL180; I entered a cloud whose top appeared to be in the high 20'S (feet); and whose OPS Base Operations Office appeared to be 1000-2000 feet below me. immediately upon entering Instrument Meteorological Conditions again; I entered moderate-to-severe turbulence; very heavy precipitation (rain or possibly hail); my Auto-Pilot disconnected; and the vertical speed INDICTOR showed a descent rate in excess of 2500 Feet Per Minute. I applied full throttle (I had previously slowed the plane down to my turbulent air penetration speed of 158 Knots Indicated Airspeed) in an attempt to climb back up to my assigned altitude of FL180. when I was unable to immediately get a positive rate of climb; I asked the controller 'for lower altitude.' he ordered me to maintain FL180; and within a few seconds I began to exit the heaviest precipitation and climb back up to 18000 feet Mean Sea Level. according to the denver approach controller; a loss of separation had occurred. I believe that the intensity of the rain in the cumulus cloud I entered had caused the WINDSHEAR or downdraft I was caught in. had I been able to maintain Visual Meteorological Conditions; I would have seen the heavy downpour; and would have avoided the cloud altogether. however; my altitude placed me right in the midst of an area of clouds and precipitation; and maintaining Visual Meteorological Conditions was not possible,Physical Environment
588428,FUEL stopped due to weight temperature problem. aircraft had performance management computer inoperative; and air carrier did not bother to move it to another shorter flight. I was doing 2 fuel stops at the same time and failed to notice I had filed the flight on an OVERWATER flight. I caught my mistake shortly after it took off. I called Captain on the radio and told him what I had done. he was very understanding; and would coordination with Air Traffic Control to fly an inland route. this could be prevented with a pop-up deal like the drift down pop-up,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
590538,ACFT #2 was cleared to land on runway 18R. aircraft #1 (a foreign carrier) was told to taxi into position on runway 27; (a departure runway only in this CONFIGN) and hold; traffic was landing runway 18R. another aircraft checked in for landing on runway 18R. upon issuing a wind check I realized that aircraft #1 had a 7 Knot tailwind. so I asked if the wind was going to be a problem. he acknowledged with his call sign only for what I thought was receipt of my transmission; when in fact he throttled up and took departure roll. aircraft #2 was over the numbers on flare. I attempted to cancel the takeoff roll and then proceeded to send aircraft #2 around. by the time aircraft #2 reached the crossing intersection aircraft #2 was approximately 400 feet and aircraft #1 was approximately 200 feet off his right approaching VFR Military Training Routes. I believe language barrier was the problem. after reviewing the tapes I do not see how my question of the tailwind component was misunderstood for cleared for takeoff. the only thing that possibly could have kept this from happening was due to the language CONFLICTION. I could have PRECEEDED my question with; 'aircraft x; continue holding in position runway 27 ...question...' I guess the pilot figured that since he was in position and hold on the runway that my next transmission to him was a takeoff clearance,Communication Environment
590979,ON descending to RHV - listened to Automatic Terminal Information Service - called 14 mile NE told to call at 3 mile; no other information; called at 10-12 mile; ask for arrival planning information; runway; etc. understood; 'pick up 45 degree to the W then downwind.' I headed for the W side of the airport (about 4 mile crossed departure end) to start a 45 degree pattern entry; from the W. tower called; asked position; 4 mile n at 2500 feet. tower RPTED I was in violation of SJC class Celsius airspace and to make a left turn. I turned 30 degree left. state; ok I'Mach Number in a violation; what would you like me to do?' new controller #2 comes on and shouts at me 'you're in serious violation of class Celsius airspace; make a hard left turn.' I turned and I told him 'I headed for your departing traffic. what would you like?' silence! I suggest; I will pick up downwind for runway 31L; and I'Mach Number given approval for downwind runway 31L. I say I was going to pick up the 45 from the W. then I get a 30 second triad shouting; harassing; verbal chew; while I'Mach Number trying to fly the downwind and complete PRE-landing checks. I realize I can't see the approach end of the runway; too Federal Aviation Regulation behind my left shoulder. I request to go a little further to turn around to see the runway. 'no; start your OPS Base Operations Office turn now!' 'ok; I'LL see if I can make it.' yes; I did no problem; good landing. yes; I misunderstood the controller'S instructions; 45 degree to the W for runway 31R. yes; I violated the class Celsius airspace; no other planes were in class Celsius. yes; I got verbally chewed; and yes; the controller #2 created a hostile environment in my cockpit. it just added to my embarrassment and made it very difficult to complete the approach. he could have asked me to call on the ground,Attitude
591583,AS we cleared runway 8R; 3 aircraft were being cleared to cross runway 8L in french. the tower controller spoke in a french accent in rapid fashion to us and we heard cleared to cross and contact ground on 121.97. we read back the crossing clearance we heard and got a reply confirming our READBACK. as we cleared runway 8L a new voice which spoke in clear english that told us that we had not been cleared to cross the runway. we apologized but the new voice stated that a report would be filed. we never heard hold short or negative from the controller at any time. there was an aircraft in position on runway 8L but he had not been cleared for takeoff. we had been in position during the time that the 3 aircraft had crossed runway 8L. supplemental information from ACN 591582: a clearance to cross runway 8L and contact ground on 121.97 he spoke with a heavy accent and very fast. I read back cleared to cross and contact ground. he read back what we thought was a confirmation of cleared to cross. he did not say negative ever and did not say hold short in a way that was understandable. supplemental information from ACN 591581: there was an airplane holding for takeoff during this time but had NTO began takeoff roll,Communication Environment
592120,ON CLBOUT of PVD en route to ATL; ZBW called traffic at our 1-2 O'clock position; level at 16000 feet (a B737). the B737 called us in sight and then we called him in sight. Air Traffic Control then issued us a 'climb to FL230; maintain visual separation from the B737.' we acknowledged and; with the traffic greater than 5 mile from us; I initiated the climb. we were pulling ahead and climbing through his altitude as we were given a clearance direct to our next fix. the traffic passed; in my estimation; at least 1 mile behind us as we turned left to the next fix. we were climbing at approximately 3000 Feet Per Minute and moving away from the traffic as we passed his altitude. the other aircraft made it clear that he was uncomfortable and unhappy with our clearance to climb through his altitude; but only after we had climbed. at no time did I feel there was a conflict,Attitude;Other
592560,I proceeded a unit x serial number 1010AL on APR/thu/01. data indicates that no bearings were replaced at that shop visit. the component maintenance manual has a temporary supplement dated prior to APR/thu/01 that directs that part to have its bearings replaced after 5000 hours of on wing tie or if the time is not able to be determined. I may have overlooked the time requirement for replacing the bearings or entered inaccurate data,Proficiency
595821,ACFT strike between air carrier x and air carrier Y; wing strike. (flight deck clear push; clear push brake off.) start pushing and turn to right. flight deck said are we clear from aircraft? I said yes; but stop flight x,Other
596239,NOTICED approximately 1000 pounds fuel IMBAL passing FL180. decided to wait until LEVELOFF to address issue. upon level at FL370; noticed right tank 3000 pounds heavier than left. checked fuel used; total fuel indications on Flight Management Computer. as best we could tell; our LEVELOFF fuel indicated approximately 3000 pounds less than planned. Captain referred to irregular procedure for fuel CONFIGN light illuminated. decided against attempting to balance fuel due to uncertainty of cause of IMBAL (IE; possible fuel leak in left tank). fuel in right tank appeared to be stuck at '12.8.' verified right wing heavy by hand flying aircraft and using rudder trim to level wings. trim required increased from 2.0 units to 4.0 units as flight progressed due to increasing IMBAL. unable to determine if fuel in right wing was trapped and unusable. decided to divert into lax since it was only 60 mile behind us and weather was clear rather than continue to den. dispatch and maintenance concurred with divert decision since fuel state could not be verified. requested and received priority handling into lax for uneventful landing,Resource Deficiency
596614,WHILE being vectored for departure from FLL we got an Resolution Advisory and took evasive action; Air Traffic Control was notified of altitude and heading deviation. we were given a new altitude and clearance to deviate. it is estimated we missed a light twin by 200 feet and 1-2 mile. of particular note in this situation was the fact that the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II had been written up and deferred. the write up was that volume of warning was too low and almost unavailable. I heard a sound but did not recognize it as the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II warning. what I did see was the visual depiction go from yellow square to red a circle. I then followed the visual avoidance commands. our maintenance procedures call for the system to be deactivated. in this situation; as Captain; I was remiss in not checking our maintenance manual when the MECHS were finished during PREFLT. due to numerous write-ups First Officer was unable to get in seat until just before PUSHBACK. even though the audio DIDN't work; the visual saved the day. our procedures do not allow for partial operation,Other;Resource Deficiency
597068,DURING PUSHBACK from the gate; the TOWBAR became disconnected from the aircraft. the mechanic pushing the aircraft yelled 'set the brakes' while aircraft was still moving followed by; 'I've lost the aircraft. the TOWBAR has disconnected.' hearing these calls; I gently applied brakes and the aircraft came to rest without any damage or injury. normal departure procedures were then followed and flight departed,Resource Deficiency
597494,OUR filed route was J42 BKW J147 LWB GVE. after passing LWB Air Traffic Control asked if we were proceeding to GVE. the Captain replied we are J147. Air Traffic Control then said go direct to GVE. both the Captain and First Officer were set up for J147 after LWB. LWB is a new VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range on the sep/03 hi 2/8 chart also J147 was changed to include LWB. the airway depiction for J147 between BKW and LWB is offset due to Missed Approach Point congestion. I did not see the J147 in this area until after the error. I mistook J147 E of LWB as the route because I was looking for J147. is there any way to make the depiction for J147 between BKW and LWB more user friendly to prevent future errors,
597820,G4 was outside the outer marker and just inside the initial approach fix on the Instrument Landing System to runway 30 houston hobby airport. tower cleared a B737 for takeoff on runway; opposite direction takeoff. the B737 was instructed to make an immediate left turn after takeoff; which was completed before we arrived at short final. however; on short final; we experienced turbulence from wingtip vortices from the B737 which rocked our G4 first to the left then to the right; inside 1/4 mile from runway. the landing was made without incident. the tower was not notified of the matter at that time. conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR advised flight crew had the departing B737 in sight since the outer marker; though surprised that tower cleared the B737 for takeoff as they were at that position. RPTR advised no wake turbulence advisory was issued. on short final; they were on Visual Approach Slope Indicator glide path; below 1000 feet when encountering the B737'S wake. recovering from the double swing; side to side; the RPTR advised there was sufficient altitude to make the correction and land; though exiting well down the runway from the 'usual' exit point. wings rolled 10-12 degree in each direction before leveling was obtained. RPTR advised that in the future if conducting a similar situation; he will take action as though a B737 were a B757; planning to remain above the Glideslope and land longitude to avoid the wake turbulence as much as practicable,Physical Environment;Unexpected
600472,I filed a Visual Flight Rules cross country flight with lansing Flight Service Station to depart battle creek; mile (BTL) direct to south bend; in (SBN) direct to VALPARASIO; in (VPZ) direct to muncie; in (MIE) direct to final destination battle creek; mile (BTL). as I waited for the FUELER to give me my fuel slip; I decided to get a quick bite to Expected Approach Time. I called dispatch at my club to let them know that I would be arriving 1 hour later than my stated estimated time of arrival. in the midst of me trying to focus on night flying and maintaining my SITUATIONAL awareness; I failed to amend my flight plan with terre HAUTE or lansing Flight Service Station. as I approached my flying school'S practice area; I did not call kalamazoo approach because I knew that I was 15 mile S of the BTL airport. also; I did not hear FWA approach hand me off to kalamazoo. I tried to call FWA approach on communication #2 but no answer. once I listened to the Automatic Terminal Information Service for BTL; I realized that runway 23 was not the runway in use. the runway in use was runway 31 which required me to maneuver from the S to the W to make a 45 degree entry for a left downwind for runway 31. I got too close to BTL airspace as I was transitioning from the S to the W. because I never heard FWA hand me over to battle creek; I still had my transponder squawk code tuned in the transponder. once I landed in BTL; I contacted ground on 121.7 to inform them that I was off the active runway and would like to taxi. I contacted them 3 times on communication #2; but no answer. I tuned in 121.7 on communication #2 and Air Traffic Control responded immediately for me to taxi back to Fixed-Base Operator and remain on 121.7 frequency. once I knew that my flight would be delayed from my scheduled morning departure; I should have canceled the flight; because I had not eaten nor had I taken into consideration that I would get tired and hungry during each leg of my flight. nor did I take into consideration that I would arrive late in the evening back to BTL. I will remember to always talk to Air Traffic Control; report when I have the airport in sight; and to amend my flight plan if I foresee that I have encountered a headwind or when I foresee that my stopovers are longer than anticipated,Communication Environment;Physical Factors;Preoccupation
600927,I was doing practice Instrument Landing System approaches to runway 7. I had been cleared for the option from a 3 Nautical Mile final by the tower. during the missed approach at approximately 200 feet; the safety pilot stated he had conflicting traffic. I looked under my FOGGLES and to the left and could see a high wing single engine cessna climbing out of my left wing; over runway 20. the cessna had been cleared for a touch-and-go by the tower. the safety pilot took over control of the aircraft; reduced power and descended to ensure we would pass below the climbing cessna. once we were clear; the safety pilot returned the flight control to me. apparently the local controller did not ensure the cessna would cross the runway threshold behind us. local controller failed to ensure intersecting runway separation for 2 aircraft each using a different runway at the same airport and at the same time. controller needs to exercise greater vigilance to ensure proper runway separation; when the traffic conditions increase in volume and complexity,Other;Proficiency
601278,WE took off from PBI on a Visual Flight Rules flight plan for MYBG on NOV/sun/03 at XA48. after the CLBOUT and well into the cruise; I endeavored to prepare the customs forms for the BAHAMAS. after the Pilot Flying had prepared his set to fill out mine and noticed that I had forgotten my passport. as the Pilot Flying had once made a mistake with immigration he strongly advised to turn back immediately. I had initially intended to continue the flight and to deal with everything in the BAHAMAS. I had been to MYBG dozens of times before and was well acquainted with the immigrations and customs officers there. I considered the worst case to be that I would not be allowed to enter the country and forced to fly back. in west palm beach; I could easily have procured my passport by asking someone to fetch it from my apartment and deliver it to customs. as the flight was the main purpose of our trip; this would not have been a serious drawback for either of us. we turned back and I informed miami radio on 122.4 of our situation. shortly thereafter; I contacted them again to be sure of the consequences of our return to PBI. I specifically asked if we would have to go through customs. the controller said he would get back to us on that and when he did; said 'as you have not departed the Air Defense Identification Zone you do not have to go through customs.' having just taken off from PBI; I now felt reassured that we could consider ourselves a local flight. the idea of requesting a different transponder code never crossed my mind; especially since the elaborate nature of my questions must have made it clear that I was actively working on doing everything right in the situation and not to leave anything out. after decades of flying; transponder codes were always assigned to me. a situation in which I would have to request one has never arisen in my life. a situation where I am actually in the process of discussing my situation with the controller who assigns the codes and am still not assigned one; even retrospectively; seems to indicate that the controller was sure that I DIDN't need one. why else would he not simply have assigned one? the controller too was very much intent on doing everything to help us. as I noticed later; when calling to file a new flight plan for our second attempt at the trip; the controller had already done that for us. even if I had thought of the possible need for a new code; I would have hesitated to ask for one. I am a foreign citizen and still feel like a guest in the united states. I was in touch with a gentleman who assigns transponder codes all day; every day. why would I know better than him? it would have been like saying: 'DIDN't you forget something?' I would never dare to do that. especially since I am aware of the impressive level of training and competence of the controllers that I have had the pleasure of dealing with in the united states. this particular gentleman had even actively asked if we had any problems before we had explained the reason for our return to PBI. later he again actively offered his help if needed. there was nothing that could have triggered the thought in my mind that everyone involved could have forgotten something as simple and basic and vital as a new transponder code if it had then been needed. especially since the controller was evidently not dealing with the situation alone since he had asked a superior before coming back to us with the answer. when I left miami radio for palm beach approach; I was asked to call a number after landing. I still thought nothing of it. the ensuing phone conversation in which the palm beach controller said 'you came in with a Visual Flight Rules code and we nearly scrambled the F16'S' confused me but when I had answered his questions he seemed to have understood and said something like 'I'LL see what I can do for you.' this reassured me completely. as a recommendation to improve the situation; I would say 'allow a continuous open channel or LANDLINE for constant direct communication between military and civil controllers,Familiarity;Other;Proficiency
601778,ON the KEPEC Area Navigation one arrival into las as we leveled at 13000 feet; slowing to 250 Knots just prior to CLARR; las vegas approach control advised traffic at 1 or 2 O'clock position; 5 mile; Visual Flight Rules target at 12500 feet unconfirmed. we had no visual contact but observed the target on the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II display at the correct location and 400 feet below our altitude. I RPTED that we had no contact; but that our Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II showed approximately the same unconfirmed altitude for the target. almost simultaneously we received a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory of 'climb; climb; climb.' the copilot immediately disconnected the Auto-Pilot and initiated a climb; following the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II rate of climb command of approximately 2500 Feet Per Minute to about 13800 feet Mean Sea Level. the climb command then reduced to about 200 Feet Per Minute followed by a 'clear of conflict.' we advised approach immediately as we initiated the climb that we were climbing in response to an Resolution Advisory; and we returned to our last assigned altitude as soon as the conflict had been resolved. upon arrival in las I called approach on the phone and they said that ZLA had later made contact with the Visual Flight Rules traffic; a cessna centurion; and the pilot RPTED that he had been level at 12500 feet Mean Sea Level at the time. supplemental information from ACN 601773: just as the Auto-Pilot captured the altitude and without any other warning; the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II announced; 'climb; climb; climb.' the resolution given on the VSI indicated that a climb of at least 2500 Feet Per Minute was required; the aircraft symbol was red and 400 feet below us. I disconnected the Auto-Pilot and responded as necessary. after climbing about 600 feet; the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II gave a different resolution; a green arc of only about 300 Feet Per Minute climb with red in the entire descent realm. I saw the aircraft fly directly under us as we leveled at about 13800 feet. the other aircraft seemed to be operating legally as were we. the system operated as it was designed and a potential hazard was averted. however; these are exactly the 2 reasons I feel this report is necessary. 500 feet separation between aircraft not talking to the same controller is inadequate. different altimeter settings; non Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II equipped aircraft; Visual Flight Rules aircraft climbing; to albeit legal altitudes; through Instrument Flight Rules arrival corridors all seem like potentially hazardous ingredients,Other;Resource Deficiency
602154,DURING my final walk-thru; the passenger at the bulkhead seat in coach; seat XX; had a bistro bag and a manila envelope on the FLO0OR in front of him. I told him he had to pick all of it up. he replied; 'I've been waiting for you; I've got a time bomb.' he stopped and said; 'I SHOULDN't have said that; I DIDN't mean it.' I told him; 'you SHOULDN't have said that.' I went back to the first class galley and told the #1 flight attendant. I then went back and looked in the bag. (in hindsight I realize I SHOULDN't have done that.) the bag only had the contents of the bistro bag. I notified the Captain and he took the flight back to the gate. he notified AUTHS. when we got to the gate; the police met the plane and removed the passenger and his baggage in the overhead and in the cargo compartment. once that was taken care of; we proceeded onto ord. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR advised passenger was 'under age' and security advised that parents would be called. no other information has been received since the incident,Other
606092,WE were at FL390 with indicated mach .798; isa -3. at that weight; we were 'by the book' safe. I anticipated the temperature (Outside Air Temperature) would rise per our computer flight plan printout. 1 hour and 15 minutes into the flight; I told the copilot to watch outside air temperature; and that if it started to get warmer; he had the power to prevent a drop in mach and to keep the speed up. I excused myself to the lavatory to relieve myself as I had been in the seat for 2 hours. as I returned from the aft cabin; the passenger detained me for several minutes. the copilot is a highly experienced pilot with multiple ratings in heavy corporate aircraft. while I was out of the cockpit; he accepted a clearance to FL410; and initiated the climb. I was unaware of this climb until I returned to the cockpit. I first noticed a problem as I approached the cockpit. the distinct noise of boundary layer separation became audible. I asked what was going on as he started a turn. as I plopped into the seat; the burble of deep separation manifested; and I saw our mach was .71 with Outside Air Temperature temperature isa +5. we were at FL410. I immediately disconnected the Auto-Pilot and allowed the nose to drop. we lost 600 feet down to 40400 feet Mean Sea Level. after getting speed back; I slowly climbed to 41000 feet to attempt to comply with the clearance as the copilot explained center required a climb and a turn. he said the temperature was fine until he climbed past 39500 feet Mean Sea Level; then it started to climb rapidly. during the drift-down; the copilot called Air Traffic Control to say we could not maintain altitude. naturally Air Traffic Control had other traffic (an air carrier) that was at FL390 and we were as upset as Air Traffic Control by the situation. we saw the air carrier well before it would have been unavoidable. we discussed this as we overcame our nervous ticks and I have vowed to let all who fly with me know we don't accept climb CLRNCS unless we both agree. I absolutely would not have accepted the climb with what I knew; nor would I have attempted a bank to conform with a heading change in that situation. we want to please; but there are absolute limits we cannot ignore. supplemental information from ACN 606850: upon reaching 41000 feet the temperature was now warming up rapidly. I advised Air Traffic Control that we were not going to be able to maintain 41000 feet for very longitude. Air Traffic Control said it would be about 8 minutes before 39000 feet would be available. at this time the temperature warmed up to isa +7. this is way too warm for the aircraft to maintain 41000 feet. I advised ZME that we needed a lower altitude. they said they were unable to give us lower altitude at that time; but instead had us turn 40 degree. by turning us to this new heading Air Traffic Control said we would only have to wait 3 minutes for the descent to 39000 feet. during the turn; with a bank angle of 15 degree our margin above stall increased and we in turn; started to incur a low speed buffet. at that time I started to descend and gain AIRSPD and advised ZME. I can say that we as a crew will look closer at our performance charts before accepting a higher altitude. the other factor in this incident was the temperature increasing a total of 9 degree Celsius. leaving the assigned altitude of 41000 feet was necessary to preserve safety of flight,Attitude;Physical Environment;Proficiency
606677,CAPT'S leg. 'cleared for takeoff set standard power.' First Officer set standard power then turned on the AUTOTHROTTLES. most DC10-30'S have AUTOTHROTTLES for takeoff except these few DC10'S. the throttles rolled back and the Captain rejected the takeoff. all procedures were completed. all this happened at less than 80 Knots. to prevent future problems; a placard which states: 'AUTOTHROTTLES not authority/authorized for takeoff' should be placed on the panel like other DC10'S that do not have AUTOTHROTTLE takeoff capability,Resource Deficiency
607275,MSP ground control used nonstandard phraseology in issuing taxi instructions to a lear and to us as we were departing the Fixed-Base Operator ramp for a runway 30L takeoff. the frequency was very busy with many blocked XMISSIONS. runway 30L was closed for snow removal at that time. the taxi instructions that we (and the LEARJET) heard were to the effect; 'taxi W5; W; Instrument Landing System hold past W3; hold short runway 30L.' as the LEARJET was ahead of us; we observed the lear taxi past the W3 intersection; past the Instrument Landing System hold line; to full length of runway 30L. as per our understood taxi instructions; we went past the W3 intersection; and held short of the Instrument Landing System hold for runway 30L. ground control then remarked that we had both gone past our hold point and we needed RESEQUENCING on the other side of the runway. just as the runway was opening; as the plows and sanders were clearing; we and the lear were given instructions to cross and RESEQUENCE (the lear got lost again). no further contact or further remarks after by ground; tower; etc. problems encountered: nonstandard phraseology; very busy; congested frequency; READBACK/HEARBACK errors; no Instrument Landing System high speed markings on charts,Attitude;Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
607880,THE Public Address to discontinue using electronic devices was already given several times. I walked through the cabin to make sure nobody was using their electronic devices and that the ones out were off so that flight attendant #1 could shut the cockpit door. when I went back to my starting position for the safety demonstration; passenger seating in front of me in coach; was using his blackberry. I told him all electronic devices needed to be off. he said it was off; but continued to scroll and touch icons (I guess to open different menus). air carrier has not kept the flight attendants up-to-date on all the new electronic devices. I asked him if it was off; then how is he still using it? he told me; once again; the power was off. I DIDN't fall for it. meanwhile; the other flight attendants had started with the safety demonstration. when I realized passenger was not going to cooperate; I gave the flight attendants the 'cut' sign so they would stop the demonstration. after further discussion with passenger; he finally said; 'well; the wireless part is off' and he showed me. I told him the device needed to be turned completely off and that he needs to listen. his reply was; 'what?' then the passenger across the aisle told passenger that he needs to listen. finally; the device was turned off. the demonstration was done. no further problems. to help correct this; we need to go back to turning off electronic devices 10 minutes before departure instead of when the aircraft door closes. also; when I am flight attendant #1; I find I have to walk through the cabin to make sure all electronic devices are off; leaving my 2 armed doors unattended. so; it would also be safer,Attitude;Other
608593,I was on a solo Visual Flight Rules cross country flight from CPS-SPI. no problems were experienced until I began my approach to the airport. when I began to fly over the city; I began experiencing some turbulence. on final approach I was able to stabilize the plane; and touched down on my main left wheel. the winds RPTED to me on final approach were 270 degree at 18 Knots. earlier there had been RPTS of gusts up to 20 Knots. problems arose when I tried to lower my main right wheel. when I began to put it down; the wind seemed to pick up my left wing. I took action by using aileron to bring that wing back down. I then ended up taking the plane off the left side of the runway; and on my way out I grazed the guard of the Visual Approach Slope Indicator box. no damage was done to the plane. the guard left a dark streak on the box. I believe that when I added the aileron; I also added left rudder. the left rudder is what most likely took me off the runway because when my NOSEWHEEL hit; it caused an immediate left turn,Physical Environment
609499,USE of emergency authority/authorized. accelerating through approximately 120 Knots; master warning light accompanied by master warning aural alert and CONFIGN gear steering message occurred. announced 'continue' and increased thrust to near maximum. First Officer smoothly lifted off; at which point the warning message was replaced with an Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System main gear steering message. subsequent investigation revealed both main landing gear steering system had failed; the left main landing gear steering unit remained unlocked and turned slightly to right. as the outcome of touchdown with an UNCTRED landing gear was unknown; I elected to prepare for an emergency landing. flight attendants were advised and flight continued normally to destination. landing was uneventful. aircraft; passenger and crew unhurt,Resource Deficiency
610265,OUTBOARD #2 side main landing exploded in wheel well en route to SWF. tire caused top back side of engine nacelle and exhaust pipe to be blown off aircraft. en route ZZZ to ZZZ1 at 4000 feet; approximately 35 mile WSW of SWF; a loud bang occurred and aircraft shuddered a bit. after that; we received a right gear door light. we then also noticed a loss of all hydraulic fluid on the #2 side. I disengaged the Auto-Pilot and found no unusual handling characteristics of the aircraft. appropriate CHKLISTS were run. flight attendant notified us that some pieces were missing on the #2 engine nacelle. an emergency was declared with equipment standing by. passenger were braced and landing was uneventful. upon clearing runway; aircraft was stopped on taxiway and ENGS shut down. we evacuated passenger out of main cabin door as a safety precaution. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the outboard tire on the right main gear exploded in the nacelle causing extensive damage to the hydraulic lines; top and right side of nacelle; exhaust stack and trailing edge flap from the fuselage to the nacelle. the RPTR said the right hydraulic system pressure and quantity was lost. the RPTR stated the incident is still under investigation and no preliminary findings have been released. the RPTR said the tires had been SVCED per the maintenance manual using dry nitrogen,Resource Deficiency
610921,OUR filed route to (MGGT) GUA is tap UR644 patik la aurora INT'left (AUR). this is from the coast inbound to the airport. suggestion: change this to IMSUM.J1.tap. direct KALPA.UA 552.AUR. reason: the current filed route takes us within 10 Nautical Mile of fuego; the volcano that is sometimes active at an altitude of 13000 feet. approach control usually has you down at 9000 feet from patik inbound; so you have the potential to be flying by a volcano that could erupt without notice. if it does; you are 4000 feet below a possible discharge that has a potential to come close to your flight path. by changing the routing to cross KALPA at 18000 feet; you have more than enough room to descend to cross AUR at 9000 feet. this would allow us a separation of 18 Nautical Mile from fuego at a higher altitude and a greater DIST. central america control will usually allow us to cut the corner prior to IPSUM and go direct to KALPA to cross KALPA at 18000 feet; then direct AUR. another possible suggestion to increase safety in case of a possible ash encounter is to start the Auxiliary Power Unit out of 18000 feet and have it running since we always start the Auxiliary Power Unit on the ground taxiing in to the gate in GUA. the additional safety this would afford pilots making the approach into GUA may Federal Aviation Regulation outweigh the cost of the additional minutes on the Auxiliary Power Unit,Other
611586,PAX complained of asthma symptoms near GCK. her rescue inhaler was not working or unavailable. oxygen from WALKAROUND bottles was administered and passenger felt better and was stable. oxygen supply was judged sufficient for remainder of flight. near irk; a 35 minute hold was encountered. ZKC was questioned as to the extent of further holding and informed that extended holding could not be accepted due to insufficient oxygen. I did not declare an emergency; but was in effect given emergency handling and this event was treated as an emergency from that point. dispatch was called and a normal landing was made. I requested paramedics meet flight and passenger was treated. thanks to flight attendants for great work and communication and to First Officer for his usual great support,Other
613508,AFTER landing at hobby; we were cleared to taxi on taxiway Celsius and to hold short of runway 22. I went off frequency to call company. while off frequency; I heard the Captain read back 'cross runway 22.' I came back on frequency. the Captain told me we were cleared to cross runway 22. there was an aircraft landing on runway 12R and another taxiing into position on runway 22; so all seemed normal. upon crossing runway 22; ground told us that we were not cleared to cross. the Captain responded that we had been and that he had read back the clearance. ground reaffirmed that we had not been cleared and that the READBACK had been blocked. later; we called tower and found that there had been some confusion with an aircraft with a similar call sign. there was no safety concern as Federal Aviation Regulation as us crossing when we did; just confusion as to what we had been instructed to do,Communication Environment;Other
614139,DURING PUSHBACK on ramp in CRP; the tug operator pushed the aircraft to an unusual finishing point. the Captain queried the ramp personnel as to our ability to taxi out safely and were assured we were lined up correctly. during engine start; which is my responsibility; the Captain attempted to contact ramp personnel to see if we were still connected to the tug. I responded that the RAMPER had already removed his headsets. there was no confirmation from ramp that we were or already were disconnected. as I finished the engine start; we began to roll forward. I immediately yelled 'brakes' and applied brakes. however; we had rolled forward and impacted the tug. ramp acknowledged that she never instructed us to set our parking brake and that push was complete. supplemental information from ACN 613459: during PUSHBACK procedure; while aircraft was at rest; I inquired whether the NOSEWHEEL was straight. tug driver responded that the aircraft would be able to maneuver out on its own. at no time did the tug driver state that the PUSHBACK was complete and to set brakes. TOWBAR was disconnected before brake was set. the aircraft rolled forward and contacted tug. I immediately set brake. I shut down the ENGS and exited the aircraft to inspect the scene. there appeared to be damage to the fuselage in the nose area -- approximately a 2 feet longitude crease. I did not notice any damage to the tug. there were no RPTS of any injuries,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
614641,AT 28000 feet; were cleared to FFU VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range at 50 mile away. Air Traffic Control then said cross FFU S of it at 15 mile at 15000 feet. we had an 80 Knot tailwind and we slowed to 250 Knots. with an open descent and full spoilers; we were going to be 5000 feet high at the 15 mile fix. Air Traffic Control then started to vector us 3 times left and right of course for flow into SLC. I believed he was vectoring us knowing there was no way we could comply with his instructions. the last turn was about 70 degree from FFU and Air Traffic Control asked why we were not at 15000 feet. 1) we were going down as fast physically possible. 2) we never really went towards FFU. 3) we were in terrain that goes to 14000 feet and were vectored off airways. 4) Air Traffic Control should know the limitations of aircraft and some basic geometry. 5) when given a point to cross; then vectored away from that point; how do we comply with his instructions. supplemental information from ACN 614639: the controller asked if he had given us the instructions to cross 15 mile from FFU at 15000 feet. I replied we did receive those instructions; but then he turned us away from FFU. again he asked if we had been given the instructions to cross 15 mile from FFU at 15000 feet. again I replied we had received the instructions; but when you AREN't going to the fix; how do you comply with that clearance. again; for the third time; the controller asked if we had received the clearance to cross 15 mile from FFU at 15000 feet. again; we replied that we had; but the he turned us away from the fix. he directed us to change to salt lake city approach control,Attitude
615242,I filed an Air Defense Identification Zone flight plan with the elkins Flight Service Station. the flight plan called for me to obtain Air Defense Identification Zone clearance to enter the washington DC Air Defense Identification Zone at brooke VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range (BRV). also prior to the flight; I reviewed the washington sectional chart and confirmed that both ST mary'S and BRV are outside the Air Defense Identification Zone. it appeared to me that a straight course from 2W6 to BRV would keep me outside the Air Defense Identification Zone. I departed 2W6 Visual Flight Rules; squawking 1200 and proceeded west toward BRV; crossing the northern corner of right-6612 at what I believed to be the edge of the Air Defense Identification Zone. at no time did my instruments show that I had entered the Air Defense Identification Zone. approximately 10 miles east of BRV; I contacted potomac Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility and was given an identification; friend or foe squawk code and was cleared to enter the Air Defense Identification Zone. just prior to hand-off to the ZZZ tower; I was advised by Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility that they had a telephone number they wanted me to call. at that point I was advised to sequence myself in with other traffic headed for ZZZ; so I told the controller; 'one second; I need to get something to write with.' while descending to traffic altitude (1100 feet Mean Sea Level) and avoiding traffic; I began fumbling for a pencil and my KNEEBOARD. sensing my situation -- closing fast on ZZZ with traffic a half mile to my left and 1000 feet higher (and descending) but also headed for ZZZ -- the controller thoughtfully said; 'aircraft x; never mind; we'LL pass the number to the tower. you can get it on the ground.' the controller also pointed out the traffic one more time before switching me to ZZZ tower. the traffic off my left was a cessna that was cleared to land ahead of me on runway 34L. I told the tower I would sequence in behind him. on approach; I allowed approximately 1-1.5 miles of separation with the cessna. I slowed to approximately 75-80 Knots Indicated Airspeed; lowered gear and flaps and completed the landing checklist. the cessna touched down normally and continued down the runway. as I approached short final; the cessna was still rolling but appeared to be about to turn off on to the taxiway. I asked the tower if I was cleared to land. tower replied; 'aircraft still on the runway; not yet.' at this point; the cessna uncharacteristically had rolled out more than two-thirds of the runway. the tower then instructed the cessna to turn off the runway. at that point; I decided to execute a go around; so I applied power and raised the gear and flaps. just as I slapped the flap switch to the up position; the tower broadcast; 'aircraft x; cleared to land.' I then slapped the flap switch down; pulled power and lined up on the CTRLINE -- omitting gear extension. I landed with the gear retracted. in reviewing the circumstances that Light Emitting Diode to this gear up landing; I believe this was a classic case of pilot distraction. the two factors which contributed most to my distraction were 1) being told by Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility to 'copy down a telephone number' while I was preparing to enter the pattern at ZZZ; and 2) the decision to go around; followed immediately by clearance to land and a reversal of the go around decision. in this report I wish to focus only on the Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility communication regarding copying a phone number while in flight; particularly when it comes during the transition from Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility to tower and the landing environment. simply put; this is a totally unwarranted and unjustifiably dangerous practice. there is absolutely no reason why that notice cannot wait until a pilot has landed safely. every pilot who flies in the national capitol region Air Defense Identification Zone feels that extra tension that is the consequence of the post 9/11 operating environment. we have all heard the stories about 'zero tolerance' for violations; and the warnings of being shot down. having Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility inform you that they have a 'telephone number' they want you to call is the aeronautical equivalent of seeing the state trooper in your rear view mirror; lights flashing; and he wants you to pull over. your stomach tightens and immediately you begin recalling every detail of the flight; wondering where you went wrong -- all this just as you are entering one of the more stressful phases of the flight; landing. almost every aviation mishap is the result of a sequence of events. in the case of landing accidents/incidents resulting from distraction; it is OFTENPOSSIBLE to identify the events that contributed to that distraction. in my case; I am absolutely certain that being notified by Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility to copy down a telephone number just as I was approaching ZZZ; was a significant contributing factor that Light Emitting Diode to my distraction. this is a bad practice. it contributed to my mishap; and it will contribute to others if it is not stopped. I urge the Federal Aviation Administration to stop the practice of notifying pilots while airborne to copy down a telephone number. it is totally unnecessary and it is unsafe. after landing; I was advised by the Flight Standards District Office that I had apparently grazed the Air Defense Identification Zone along the southern edge; RPTED at 180 degree/29 from DCA,Attitude;Other;Preoccupation
615775,OUR aircraft level at 17000 feet. other aircraft; lear; accepted Visual Flight Rules climb through our altitude. we received Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II Resolution Advisory to climb 1000-1200 Feet Per Minute. we did no have other aircraft in sight until it was off our right side. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II indicated 300 feet above us. First Officer estimates horizontal distance to have been 1/4 mile even though other aircraft was indicating +300 feet on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. our Resolution Advisory then verbalized 'increase climb.' this occurred even though our vertical velocity was in the green band for our Resolution Advisory. we ultimately climbed to approximately 17800 feet Mean Sea Level. when clear of conflict; we returned to 17000 feet Mean Sea Level. since we did not have traffic in sight; we had to follow our Resolution Advisory guidance. since other aircraft had us in sight; he may have disregarded his Resolution Advisory guidance -- thus decreasing our vertical/horizontal separation. I believe both aircraft should have each other in sight to do Visual Flight Rules climb/DSCNTS. supplemental information from ACN 615770: in the future I think I would decline a Visual Flight Rules climb or descent if the other aircraft did not also have us in sight to avoid a Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II induced conflict like this one,Other
616306,THE pilot of aircraft x was communicating with IAD tower on 120.1 for the first five photo locations as the majority of these sites were located in the IAD class B surface area. after completing the photo mission on location #5; aircraft x departed the class B surface area in a northerly direction from the AML 080 at 7 Distance Measuring Equipment on the way to the 6TH location at AML 025 at 24 Distance Measuring Equipment. after crossing the potomac; IAD tower requested that the pilot contact potomac approach on 134.2. approximately 20 miles n of IAD; the pilot contacted the controller on 134.2 and advised him that we would be approaching location #6 shortly and would be descending to 800 feet for the photo mission. following the photo mission at site #6; we would then climb back to 1500 feet; turn southeast and fly to location #7. the controller instructed the pilot to squawk 1200 and to come up on frequency 126.75 at the conclusion of site #6 and a new controller would issue a new squawk code for the remainder of the flight. before complying with this request; the pilot of aircraft x requested to remain on the original Air Defense Identification Zone squawk code. this request was denied. complying with the Air Traffic Control request; the pilot changed transponder code to 1200 and descended over site #6 to conduct the photo mission. at the conclusion of the photo mission over site #6; aircraft x climbed back up to 1500 feet; continued to squawk 1200; and came up on frequency 126.75 and informed the new controller of our intention of continuing the flight by proceeding to site #7 DCA 355 at 9 Distance Measuring Equipment as instructed by the previous controller (134.2). after initially responding that he could find no paperwork for aircraft x; the controller issued the pilot of aircraft x a new squawk code; and granted clearance to proceed on course to site #7. in addition; the controller requested that the pilot call an issued phone number at the conclusion of the flight. at the conclusion of the flight; the pilot made the call and was informed that Air Traffic Control was submitting a pilot deviation report to the Federal Aviation Administration enforcement office citing a violation of the Air Defense Identification Zone (entering Air Defense Identification Zone on a 1200 code). the problem arose as a direct result of the 134.2 controller not granting the pilot'S request to remain on the original Air Defense Identification Zone squawk code; and then compounded the error by failing to adequately hand off the flight to the controller on 126.75. the problem was discovered on 126.75; and he assumed that the pilot was at fault (as opposed to Air Traffic Control). the pilot informed the 126.75 controller that he was complying with instructions issued by the previous controller on 134.2; but for whatever reason this information was not viewed credibly or even verified between the two controllers. contributing factors included location #6 being located just outside the Air Defense Identification Zone (hence the erroneous instruction from the 134.2 controller to the pilot to squawk 1200 even though he knew the flight would be continuing back in to the Air Defense Identification Zone after the photo mission at site #6 was completed) and the lack of communication between the controllers on this flight. poor low-level radio and radar coverage in this sector also contributed. corrective actions: it appears since the advent of the Air Defense Identification Zone and FRZ flight restrictions (in the DCA metropolitan area) after 9/11; the potomac Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility has not been adequately staffed or equipped to manage the enormous workload imposed on them by having to track General Aviation Visual Flight Rules FLTS operating in the region. the increased workload has significantly contributed to the many mistakes made by the controllers handling aircraft in the region. unfortunately the pilot is more often than not assumed to be at fault when a perceived transgression has taken place; and assumed 'guilty' until they can prove themselves innocent. one final thought; clearly the controller on 126.75 eventually 'found' our flight plan paperwork since he did issue us a new squawk code; cleared us on course (inside the Air Defense Identification Zone) and then cleared us to site #7 in the DCA FRZ (flight restricted zone) -- the most heavily guarded airspace in the us. since this clearance would have never been provided had we not been on an approved Air Defense Identification Zone and FRZ WAIVERED flight plan; it is apparent that Air Traffic Control was well aware of our intentions on departure from HEF; en route from IAD to site #6; became confused between sites 6 and 7;then granted us clearance into the FRZ. the conclusion; the sequence of Air Traffic Control events during the flight clearly exonerates the pilot of any wrong doing. what is the purpose of this enforcement action activity? it makes no sense,Attitude;Communication Environment;Other;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
616856,AT XA40Z; we received a clearance from NADI control to deviate right off course 50 Nautical Mile. at XA20Z; we received a clearance to deviate left 50 Nautical Mile; both due to weather. we ultimately deviated right 30 Nautical Mile. after being changed to auckland control; the NADI controller inquired if we were deviating and what direction. we informed him right off course; 30 Nautical Mile and that we were back on course at that time. the nature of the inquiry caused concern on the flight crew'S part that we had possibly RPTED back on course prior to initiating the deviation. an inventory of the CPDLC Air Traffic Control log indicated we had not cancelled the deviation request. this incident brings up certain concerns of CPDLC deviation CLRNCS. 1) unlike block altitude CLRNCS where we can input FLXXX/FLYYY; left and right deviation requests cannot be conveniently entered in one message. we either have to submit 2 messages; one for left and one for right; or input one direction and add text for the other. I find the latter lacking as most of the time the controller DOESN't read the text or understand the request and just clears the deviation to the main direction and not the one requested in the text. 2) when 2 requests are sent consecutively does the controller possibly think the second cancels or overrides the first? this might be the case in the current situation. 3) as an aside when a request is made for a deviation the clearance includes a request to 'report back on route.' this automatically puts a 'back on route' prompt in the Air Traffic Control Flight Management Computer page. if we ask for deviations each way in 2 separate messages there are 2 of these prompts. is each prompt specifically related to the message; one for left and one for right? can we delete one and send the other and then cancel both deviation CLRNCS or do we need to send both,Other
617385,DSNDING through 10000 feet to TYS; a 'flight spoilers' caution message illuminated. approximately 30 seconds later; a 'SPOILERONS' caution message illuminated. we asked TYS approach for vectors to take care of the malfunctions. we performed the Quick Reference Handbook for both caution messages. Quick Reference Handbook for 'flight spoilers' called for landing at flaps 45 degree; Quick Reference Handbook for 'SPOILERONS' called for landing at flaps 20 degree. I elected to land and flaps 20 degree and not declare an emergency. after completing Quick Reference Handbook; both messages remained. we then notified dispatch and maintenance. dispatch gave us landing numbers for flaps 20 degree on runway 23R. while performing Quick Reference Handbook; we were vectored NW of TYS at 7000 feet. before finishing talking to dispatch; TYS gave us holding instructions at buzby (Instrument Landing System runway 23R) at 7000 feet. after one turn in holding; I commenced the Instrument Landing System runway 23R approach and made an uneventful flaps 20 degree landing. upon ROLLOUT; First Officer called 'spoilers green' and verified spoilers deploy advisory message,Resource Deficiency
617964,CTLR told us to exit runway 30 by turning left on taxiway a. I turned left onto runway 25R instead as he said expedite as an aircraft was on final. I thought it was on final for runway 30; it was not. it was on runway 25R. I wish the controller had said expedite through the intersection; turn left on taxiway a. the aircraft on runway 25R was instructed to go around. after we exited runway 25R; I saw the aircraft on final for runway 25R. even if it had landed; there would not have been a problem,Pressure;Proficiency
618466,REQUEST for taxi by Pilot Not Flying (Captain Pilot In Command) resulted in clearance to runway 27R PHL. ground was asked by Pilot Not Flying if runway 35 was available. after considerable discussion; runway 35 was not available. clearance to runway 27R obtained. at hold short line runway 26; Pilot Flying requested confirmation of clearance to cross. Pilot Not Flying stated 'cleared to cross.' as Pilot Flying crossed hold short line; observed aircraft on short final runway 8. aircraft stopped short of runway 8/26; but past hold short line. Pilot Flying asked Pilot Not Flying to contact ground regarding clearance. prior to Pilot Not Flying calling ground; ground asked if we were holding short. Pilot Not Flying advised; 'yes; but slightly past hold short line.' landing aircraft on runway 8 stopped and exited at least 1500-2000 feet away from RPTR'S aircraft. contributing factors: confusion regarding initial runway assignment due to Pilot Not Flying request for runway not in use; taxi/PRETKOF checklist duties; Pilot Flying reluctance to insist Pilot Not Flying confirm taxi clearance (since he was Captain Pilot In Command). POSTFLT discussion confirmed we should have confirmed clearance with ground controller; since we were not in agreement,Attitude;Other;Preoccupation
619002,JUST RPTING this because there was a big altitude change from 10000 feet to 9400 feet. advised Air Traffic Control of my response to the Resolution Advisory as required. the copilot did not respond immediately to the 'descent' command; so I took over to clear the traffic. this is just informational. but I was concerned that Air Traffic Control allowed us to get so close requiring the evasive acton. I don't know what we could have done on our end to prevent the conflict,Other
619601,ON arriving to work; we were informed the previous shift had installed a new nose landing gear shock strut assembly on aircraft x; but the aircraft still needed the operations check performed. on initial jacking to performance operations check; we found the nose landing gear did not align properly. following the aircraft jic 32-21-03-420-AAO; we proceeded to re-index the strut assembly using all of the required hardware; including the lock washer; nut; proper torques and safety nut in accordance with the jic. we performed the operations check again per the jic; which checked out good. aircraft signed off and returned to service. now a question has come up whether the lock washer was serviceable and installed. washer was serviceable and installed in accordance with the proper jic 32-21-03-420 AAO. however; the company had the washer and nut removed and replaced anyway; to make sure no bad parts were installed,Resource Deficiency
622202,ON CLBOUT; at about FL200; noticed #1 engine oil pressure fluctuating +/- 10; 45-55. vibration was 3.2; probably unrelated. at LEVELOFF; fluctuations were still 10; now 45-35; vibration 2.2. oil temperature and quantity ok. after discussions with maintenance control; elected to return to guam. declared an emergency and made an uneventful; OVERWT landing (150K). flight attendants did excellent job of securing service and preparing cabin for landing,Resource Deficiency
622275,PDC was issued to us that created confusion as to the departure procedure we were expected to fly. we were cleared via the FISLA1 departure in the first block of the clearance. the next block of the clearance contains the statement 'newark 7 departure except maintain 2500 feet.' this is obviously in conflict with the first black. when we queried Air Traffic Control as to what we were expected to fly. they advised that we were to fly the FISLA 1 except maintain 2500 feet. (we were departing runway 22R and the FISLA1 departure altitude for that direction is 5000 feet; as it is for the newark 7. the confusion is that there are 2 departure procedures listed; both as part of the clearance,Other
622324,FO made a Public Address for flight attendants to be seated for takeoff when #2 for takeoff and about 4 minutes before rolling. flight attendant called back to say 'we need a minute.' about a minute later; we were cleared onto runway and taxied much slower than normal onto runway. noted that video monitor light was off. we were then cleared for takeoff. later; were told that not all flight attendants were actually seated. some missed communications here. we wish we had told flight attendants to call back when ready for departure. time from PUSHBACK to takeoff was 15 minutes,Communication Environment
622683,I relieved previous controller. the C750 was approaching JST climbing to FL290 (wanted FL410 for final); direct to DQO. because of WBOUND traffic at FL310 and climbing to FL310 on J80 E of THS; I called harrisburg sector and told them the C750 was stopped at FL290. harrisburg said FL290 was approved on the C750. then harrisburg called back and said to climb the C750 to FL330. I observed the DC10 (WBOUND on J80) was still showing level at FL290. I climbed the C750 to FL330. I then observed the DC10 climbing. harrisburg came over the 'shout' line and told me to stop the C750 at whatever altitude he was currently at. I started to do that; but my trainer used his override and kept C750 climbing to FL330. I started to turn the C750 n; but my trainer saw that harrisburg had turned the DC10 n; so he overrode me and turned the C750 S. my trainer called traffic to the C750 who RPTED that it had passed behind him. when the C750 reached FL330; the C750 was cleared direct DQO. supplemental information from ACN 623435: the C750 was approved with ZNY at FL290 (requested FL410). ZNY called back to have us climb the C750 to FL330. training at ZNY was a factor. ZNY climbed the DC10 from FL290 to FL310; not keeping separation with the C750. ZNY used poor judgement in having us climb the C750 and then climbing the DC10 too. ZNY needed to issue turns to DC10 to be clear of the C750 before climbing. we turned the C750 out to the S so they would not hit. ZNY refused to talk to us to coordination any turns on traffic. ZNY has to get out of the habit of climbing aircraft on the boundary with ZOB. ZNY needs to initiate vectors sooner so they can climb aircraft to their requested altitude sooner. supplemental information from ACN 622911: the aircraft #1 was coordination with ZNY at FL290. aircraft #2 was opposite direction at FL290 showing FL310. ZNY called back and instructed the radar controller to climb aircraft #1 to FL330. after climbing; we observed aircraft #2 climbing out of FL290. we turned aircraft #1 to a radar vector 180 degree heading to avoid aircraft #2,Proficiency
625331,DEPARTING PACHUCHA; mexico; Instrument Flight Rules to leon; mexico. language barrier. what happened to International Civil Aviation Organization -- english language? on departure; we were climbing to FL220 from the airport (not unusual in south and central america.) climbing through 15000 feet; we were given a frequency change and were told we were only cleared to 12000 feet. PACHUCHA is in UNCTLED airspace with the floor of controled airspace at 12000 feet. please force International Civil Aviation Organization to force member countries to use english,Communication Environment
626032,CMA control tower claims that I deviated from a hold short instruction by rolling over a hold short bar. I believe there might have been a similar call sign on frequency. I have been based at VNY for over 12 YRS and I am trained to listen very carefully to the controllers. van NUYS is the busiest General Aviation airport in the world and I am very accustomed to high traffic areas and fast radio communications. in this occurrence I thought I was given a takeoff clearance so I proceeded past the hold short bars. as Pilot In Command I took the action to stop my aircraft clear of the active runway just past the hold short bars as I observed traffic on close final; even though I was given a clearance by Air Traffic Control. I have had similar problems in the past at camarillo airport such as plane spacing problems and unreadable controllers who often get call signs mixed up. I will use this as a learning experience to pay greater attention in sits such as this. this is what I recall on the radio 'after completing my PRE-takeoff check and run-up.' CMA ground: GRUMMAN ABL can you say your complete call sign? me: camarillo ground; GRUMMAN ABBLL. CMA ground: thank you GRUMMAN ABBLL. beach bonanza Y camarillo ground; bonanza Y we do not need the run-up area; request taxi to runway 26. bonanza coming from my right to the run-up area. CMA ground: GRUMMAN ABL are you ready to taxi to runway 26? ABBLL: yes we are ready to taxi to runway 26 GRUMMAN ABL. CMA ground: ABL taxi to runway 26 and contact tower; have a good flight. taxi to runway 26 and contact the tower thank you; GRUMMAN ABBLL. ABBLL: camarillo tower this is GRUMMAN holding short of runway 26 at taxiway B ready for takeoff; we would like a right downwind departure. CMA tower: unreadable. ABBLL: please repeat GRUMMAN ABL. CMA tower: GRUMMAN ABL; POSITI (static static) 26. me: did you say taxi into position GRUMMAN ABL? CMA tower: no hold short of runway 26. hold short of runway 26 and can we make that a left downwind departure GRUMMAN ABL. CMA tower left downwind approved hold short of runway 26. ABBLL: hold short of runway 26; ABL. CMA tower: ABL clear for takeoff; no delay; traffic on short final. ABLL: clear for takeoff on runway 26 traffic on short final. at this moment I looked to my upper right to check for landing traffic and observed a C172 on short final so I stopped the plane just as I crossed over the hold short line. I was stopping the plane clear of the active runway just over the hold short line when the tower called. CMA tower: 'GRUMMAN stop; stop you are not cleared for takeoff.' ABBLL: GRUMMAN holding short of runway 26. CMA tower: cessna Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) go around. cessna Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT): camarillo tower can we still land? traffic is not a factor. CMA tower: negative cessna Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) I cannot legally let you land; a plane has crossed over the hold short line. other radio chatter that I do not recall other C172 goes around. bonanza Y: camarillo tower bonanza XXYY; we heard you give him a takeoff clearance. CMA tower: I would never give a clearance when there was traffic on short final. bonanza Y: we heard you give him a clearance. I suggest you review your tape. other radio chatter that I do not recall. CMA tower: GRUMMAN ABL taxi into position and hold. me: taxi into position and hold GRUMMAN ABL. I taxi in position on runway 26. CMA tower: GRUMMAN ABL cleared for takeoff. me: camarillo tower; are we cleared for takeoff? CMA tower: GRUMMAN ABL; cleared for takeoff,Other;Proficiency
626521,30 minutes after takeoff from runway 36L in AMS; SCOTTISH control advised us that AMS tower called and said there was debris on runway which they think came from my aircraft on takeoff. our takeoff was normal -- all system were normal. I elected to continue to PHL where I declared an emergency and normal landing followed. after normal landing; I found 2 tires had indeed shredded and there was possible flap damage from rubber debris on that side,Resource Deficiency
628688,RIGHT wing body overheat illuminated on taxi out; light was extinguished as per checklist re-illuminated and we confirmed with maintenance. light was extinguished again as per checklist procedure; initiated flight with Auxiliary Power Unit off; right engine bleed off; right pack off; and isolation valve closed. at 9000 feet on climb out; the left wing body overheat came on. we powered back on left engine; declared an emergency; and returned to ZZZ. got to go; new aircraft at gate; and into minute rest at ZZZ1. supplemental information from ACN 628687: during taxi out; right wing body overheat light illuminated. we followed checklist and in 2 minutes the light went out. the aircraft was extremely warm; we reset the ISO-valve; bleed valve and tuned on right pack to help cool aircraft. our departure was delayed due to departures; 10 minutes later the same right wing body overheat light illuminated again. we re-did the checklist; notified maintenance of our problem and dispatch ok'D the flight to continue on 1 bleed/1 pack 25000 feet restriction an no icing en route. we departed and climbing out of 9000 feet; the left wing body overheat illuminated and I immediately declared an emergency. we headed to ZZZ and First Officer told the Flight Attendant'S via INTERPHONE we were returning and to prepare for immediate return. as First Officer worked the checklists; I called for fire trucks to be there; feeling this was a very high potential of a 'real bleed leak.' on a 9 mile final; I made a Public Address to state to the crew to prepare for an emergency landing. we landed with a tailwind; and got the ok to taxi to a gate. callback conversation with RPTR ACN 628688 revealed the following information: the RPTR stated it appeared odd that two separate sensing loops would fail and give a false warning. the RPTR said on the ground; maintenance made a bite check of the system and found the control unit had failed. the RPTR stated the control unit was replaced and both sensing loops checked ok. the RPTR said the airplane was a B737-800,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
629248,AT FL330 approximately 80 Nautical Mile NE of BTR got red engine oil warning on #1 engine. oil pressure fluctuated between 20-50 psi. Captain complied with Quick Reference Handbook procedure; reduced power to idle. oil pressure now fluctuated from 30-45 psi but remained in green arc. advised Air Traffic Control and descended to FL190. at FL190 oil pressure was stable at 40-45 psi; and oil temperature stable at approximately 110 degree Celsius (oil temperature never out of green). no other warnings issued after initial power reduction. Captain conferred with company maintenance and flight control which took a rather longitude time. engine was running and stable; good weather; fuel ok; and Auxiliary Power Unit available. decision made to continue to TLH (from over mob) for passenger convenience and since engine oil pressure and temperature were stable and knowing that there were several suitable landing airports along the route. performed normal approach and landing with left engine at idle in TLH with outcome uneventful. Captain; First Officer and maintenance concerned that left engine was available if needed for power. maintenance control wanted the left engine kept at idle if possible. the checklist did not call for the engine to be shut down or a landing made at the nearest suitable airport. crew and company coordination was good. however; the decision to continue was a longitude time coming (BTR-mob). the situation was not pressing and there was no sense of urgency. Captain thought the onus was more on troubleshooting than planning. since maintenance wanted the engine left at idle; in retrospect; I think the more conservative and appropriate decision would have been to land at the nearest suitable airport,Resource Deficiency
629814,AT approximately XA35 local time in HAWAII; air carrier x had taxied up to and held short of runway 8L at taxiway left at HNL. air carrier Y; a B717 was given the clearance 'runway 8L position and hold' at the full length of runway 8L. it is a common practice at HNL to send another aircraft into position and hold further down the runway. shortly after air carrier Y'S clearance; to the best of both my knowledge and that of my First Officer; tower cleared 'air carrier x' into position and hold. my First Officer read back the clearance; we visually checked the runway noting the B717 holding in position and proceeded onto runway 8L at taxiway left and into position. we stopped the aircraft in position; set the parking brake and held. approximately 10-15 seconds after reading back our clearance; tower advised that 'air carrier x' had not been cleared onto the runway. at some point the air carrier Y flight had been cleared for takeoff which neither the First Officer or myself heard. tower advised that flight to cancel takeoff clearance. I called the tower and asked if they wanted us to clear the runway and they responded affirmatively. tower stated that the position and hold clearance which we accepted was in fact meant for a similar call sign 'air carrier Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).' clearing the runway we contacted ground control; taxied back to runway 8L at taxiway left and departed shortly afterward. no mention of the MISCOM/runway incursion was made by Air Traffic Control that day. I conferred with my First Officer and we each believe that we heard 'air carrier x' and not 'air carrier Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)' given the position and hold clearance. nothing was said by tower regarding our READBACK of the clearance or taxi onto the runway until we had already reached position and stopped the aircraft on the runway. I believe that the fore mentioned event took place because of confusion regarding the similar sounding flight numbers x and Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). I would suggest that distinct emphasis be placed on the call sign and flight number whenever similar sounding FLTS exist and that the crews of those FLTS be advised of the situation. oftentimes we are advised of a similar sounding call sign but not in this case. in addition to the x call sign; there is a 'W' and an 'XX.' due to differences in individual controllers' and pilots' voices even air carrier Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) and air carrier YY have at times sounded similar to air carrier x. I will also suggest to my company that our call sign be changed to a more distinct separate name rather than air carrier x,Communication Environment;Other
630199,ON A300 from JFK to SJU; just past huber; we tried to request 30 Nautical Mile E deviation of course due to thunderstorms along the route. Air Traffic Control told us there was an emergency on frequency and to go to backup (3 times). we tried all backup frequencies; IE; 11330; 5550; 8846 and finally got to request this on 6586. I declared Captain'S authority/authorized and explained the problems with Air Traffic Control; plus the moderate chop and thunderstorms on the route via phone patch with ZNY. they approved with no other problems noted,Physical Environment
630413,GPWS was deferred by maintenance due to false warnings on previous FLTS. one of the RESTRS from the Minimum Equipment List was that no visual approaches were allowed; instrument approaches only. meteorological conditions were UNRESTR ceiling and visibility in early morning daylight. we IDENTED the airport and landing runway environment more than 40 mile out. the final approach controller advised that we could expect a visual approach to runway 12L. abeam the final approach fix; the controller vectored us for a OPS Base Operations Office-leg turn and asked if we had the airport in sight. we advised that due to an equipment limitation we had to conduct an instrument approach. the controller seemed mildly irritated asking why we DIDN't tell him 60 mile earlier and that he COULDN't clear us for an approach so close to the final fix. I stated that a close-in turn was okay. the controller gave a final vector and a clearance to maintain 2500 feet and intercept the localizer for runway 12L. intercepting the localizer virtually on top of the final approach fix; I started a descent to track the electronic glide path. the controller asked again if we had the airport in sight. knowing that he would clear us for a visual approach which my Minimum Equipment List prohibited; I again stated that yes I could see the airport but we could not accept a visual approach. the controller asked our altitude. we were at approximately 2000 feet Mean Sea Level and descending. the controller said he had not cleared us below 2500 feet. immediately recognizing my error I executed a missed approach. the controller then gave us a full vector and clearance for the Instrument Landing System approach and an uneventful landing was accomplished. my analysis: 1) I; and probably my crew; was very tired. we were at the end of a longitude duty day in the early am and still had a commercial DEADHEAD remaining to return to domicile. I am aware of the insidious nature of fatigue and do my best to be aware of its onset. fatigue is a factor we are constantly trained against and warned about due to our night freight flying. I DIDN't fully realize it at the time; but looking back I am certain my performance was less than 100%. this was also the last leg of a week longitude trip sequence. I don't believe there was a get-HOMEITIS factor but it may have been a subtle influence. 2) complacency was certainly involved here. I wrongly assumed that my Minimum Equipment List restrict due to the malfunctioning Ground Proximity Warning System was of no consequence.I knew the weather was excellent and it was my intent to fly a half-baked visual instrument approach. there is no such procedure. one should either fly visually (where appropriate) or execute all the correct procedures of a proper instrument approach. my mindset was such that I heard the clearance but my predisposition to land visually caused me to neglect proper procedure. 3) I was inconsiderate of the approach controller. he had no knowledge of my equipment limitations and properly anticipated assigning us a visual approach. I should have informed him early on of our need to fly a full instrument approach. by excluding him from my planning loop I gave away part of my aviation safety net,Attitude;Duty Cycle;Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
631058,WE were doing a ZZZ/ZZZ1 turn with aircraft xxx. the first flight was completed uneventfully. the return flight was uneventful until the initial descent into ZZZ. the First Officer was the Pilot Flying. as he added thrust at our level off altitude; he asked me if I felt or heard a vibration. I know that some of these airplanes; particularly the EMB140'S; make a slight growling noise at idle thrust in flight. initially; I thought this was what he was referring to. however; he clarified that the noise was only audible during the initial engine acceleration from the idle position. we experimented a little with the thrust levers and were able to identify the noise as coming from the #2 engine; only when moving the thrust lever from the idle position. as we continued our descent and approach into ZZZ; the sound seemed to become more pronounced. the engine vibration gauges appeared normal; however; the HP vibration for engine #2 was slightly higher than the others 'maybe halfway between the bottom of the green and the amber scale.' we debated whether to even write it up; because it was so subtle; but during taxi we noticed the noise was even more pronounced; perhaps due to less ambient noise; but it was definitely abnormal; so we notified maintenance. I waited for the mechanic so I could talk to him directly; and he wheeled up a ladder to look into the engine to find anything obvious. he looked in the front and back of the engine and did not notice anything abnormal. he did say that they would take the aircraft to the hangar and check it out. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the airplane was removed from service for investigation of the engine vibration and was returned to service the next day. the RPTR said the airplane was routed S and into a different maintenance sector and data was not available from the maintenance computer,Resource Deficiency
631625,UPON landing; the right wing engine cover curled up and broke off causing damage to front of the wing. debris flew over and a large piece flew into the wing; penetrating the wing (during reverse engine thrust on landing). supplemental information from ACN 631627: Captain called back all was fine and no evacuate/evacuation necessary,Resource Deficiency
632165,I perform as a maintenance controller. outstation contract maintenance perform maintenance on our aircraft through the maintenance controllers' direction if they are on the trained and qualified list provided by our training department if they completed a familiarization class on the aircraft type. the situation was a gentleman a&P from ZZZ1 performed fault isolation and corrective action per maintenance control and the fault isolation manual and AMM satisfactory and signed it off in the logbook. after this event; it was discovered that he is brake ride qualified only with no familiarization qualification class on this aircraft. per our policy he is not allowed to sign the logbook. he is on the 't and Q' list but I did not see it listed that he is brake ride qualified only and not B717 trained for the logbook. the training and qualification list does list the proper text; I just failed to see it,Familiarity;Proficiency
634850,ACFT x was struck by belt loader aft of cargo door. maintenance control and engineering were contacted. maintenance control faxed SRM reference 53-00-01 figure 101. maintenance control then asked me to Missed Approach Point out damage. I proceeded to Missed Approach Point out damage and then faxed the sketch to maintenance control. engineering then requested me to perform a visual inspection on stringer 24. I performed inspection and advised them that no damage was visible on stringer 24. per engineering damage fell into chart area B SRM 53-00-01 figure 103 (sheet 1) page 108. at which time maintenance control requested that I place log item in the logbook. no control number was issued. I was later informed that I used incorrect references,Other;Resource Deficiency
635539,JUST after liftoff we got burned food like smell in cockpit; within 2 minutes flight attendants called to say they had same smell in all of cabin and had a vibration noise at mid-cabin; especially on left side. we initially suspected a bird strike on left engine; however as it was night we DIDN't see any birds on takeoff. engine and other indications were normal and after conferring with maintenance we decided to continue to lax as smell had subsided after about 10 minutes. after arriving at lax we learned of major damage to left engine from large bird strike. also; there was damage at left wing landing light. no human factors were an issue,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
636172,LEFT orf en route to IAD. standard climb per FOM. switched to norfolk tower to departure; continued on course and climbed to 14000 feet. assigned COATT 4 arrival. after radar vectors to join; the Captain handed over the radio to me while he got Automatic Terminal Information Service and called in range. he came back up and asked if there were any radio changes. I said no and he resumed the radios. as we approached barin intersection; the Captain said something was wrong and we should be with DULLES approach; yet we were with orf departure. we tried to get a hold of orf with no reply. as he looked up the frequencies for DULLES; I entered a hold so as to not pass our clearance limit. the Captain was able to re-establish radio communication with DULLES after a few controllers. we received vectors to the visual for the approach and landed without ever being told there was a problem. factors: 1) better sterile cockpit. 2) better communication with Air Traffic Control. 3) more SITUATIONAL awareness,Communication Environment
636760,MY student and I were coming back to ZZZ airport from practicing maneuvers (private pilot). we came back and practiced LNDGS doing touch-and-goes on runway 33 at ZZZ. we did 2 and on our third one we made our approach for runway 33. my student started to flare and it was a little higher than normal and landed. we touched down a little hard; but nothing to be worried about. as we touched down the plane began to veer to the right. I took controls and applied left rudder to maintain direction on the runway and pulled back on the controls to slow us down. when help came; we got out and saw that the right main wheel was turned to the right and the strut had raised. the next day I found out from our MECHS at the school that we had broken the main casting of the right main landing gear as we touched down causing the right main to cant to the right about 45 degree. after that; they also told me that there was a service bulletin from piper about this same problem that they did not know about. the service bulletin number is 1131 and was issued on AUG/TUE/03. I now know that in a piper aircraft that if these cracks are established that the cast of the gear can fail and to also check service bulletins on my own and not what the MECHS show me. they are correcting this problem by replacing the casting on both sides and inspection of all the other piper aircraft. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the cause of the aircraft veering to the right on landing roll was the failure of the right main gear casting. the RPTR said the casting was the subject of a piper service bulletin 1131 that gave instructions for inspecting the casting for cracks and replacing the casting with a forging. the RPTR stated this is now being done in all the PA28 aircraft at the school. the RPTR said the damage was limited to the failed landing gear casting with no injuries,Resource Deficiency
637181,I have become aware of a problem with the SIGNOFF on the installation of the stabilizer trim motor on aircraft x. I accomplished the removal and installation of a borrowed act. I accomplished an operations check per maintenance manual and short signature on the paperwork. since I am not lower minimum performance [AUTOLAND] qualified to do a lower minimum performance SIGNOFF; I turned it over to a lower minimum performance mechanic. I was told today it needs an RII. supplemental information from ACN 637184: I was performing functional checks and was not aware that the stabilizer trim motor was considered RII. this motor has dual functions as an Auto-Pilot actuator and as a trim motor. the maintenance manual refers to this component as a motor; not an actuator. in the GPM it is UNCLR if this should be RII'ed because of the note in the flight control section,Other;Proficiency
637874,IMPROPER/inappropriate radar controller instructions/clearance. overhead to NW of the seal beach VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range (SLI) contacted SOCAL approach on 124.9. controller asked us to look at 11-12 O'clock position for an airbus and to call it in sight. acquired it and called visual on the aircraft and the lax airport. controller: 'the airbus is going to runway 25L; you're cleared the visual approach to runway 25R; pull up alongside and do not pass.' this is the second time in 2 weeks have heard SOCAL on the S complex (runway 25L&right) on frequency 124.9 use this clearance/instruction. have never heard it given to a large aircraft; only to regional turboprops. this terminology was used occasionally by 124.9 and the lax n complex 128.5 in YRS past. it is a clearance for me to basically fly formation while in part 121 operations. I have previously RPTED it via National Aeronautics and Space Administration Aviation Safety Reporting System and the terminology changed to 'keep the speed up; but don't pass him' and I would fly staggered offset; but 'pull up alongside.' I have seen crews fly on the wing abeam the other aircraft. problem: who is the formation leader? has there been a formation briefing? if the airbus goes around and then I'Mach Number given a go around by tower or self-initiate one myself; who is responsible for wake turbulence separation/safe separation; etc? solution: have SOCAL cease using this terminology/clearance as a way of accommodating increased arrival rate,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
646310,WHILE my student and I were holding at the LFD VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range (southern 180 degree radial left turns); we encountered an Near Midair Collision. after crossing the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; the student began a turn to the left for the outbound leg. while turning through a heading of approximately 300 degree to 240 degree; I noticed a white and blue cessna at the same altitude converging head-on. I grabbed the controls and quickly banked right to approximately 30-40 degree. the other aircraft passed just to our left at approximately 100 feet. I could CLRLY see the pilot of the other plane; therefore; I know we were very close. if we would have continued our left turn; I believe we would have collided. causes: my attention was divided between teaching the lesson and scanning for traffic. the high wing aircraft blocks your vision in the direction of the turns due to the lowered wing. also; I was holding at a VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range that has numerous airways to it,Other;Preoccupation
647571,PDK tower was using runway 34 for most light aircraft and runway 2R for jets because wind was RPTED as 330 degree at 15 Knots gusting to 20 Knots. my aircraft was cleared to land on runway 34. PDK tower cleared a G4 to taxi into position and hold on runway 2R. a few seconds later; local controller cleared G4 for takeoff. just as I started to query controller; he realized his mistake and told G4 to stop his takeoff roll. if G4 had not heard or obeyed order to stop; it would have created a dangerous situation for both of us. I already had to make 1 go around because of controller'S failure to space aircraft on intersecting runways. the use of PDK tower as a training facility is a gross error in judgement on the part of the Federal Aviation Administration. trainees cannot cope with the extremely high volume of traffic at PDK (one of the 10 busiest General Aviation airports in the country and second only to hartsfield in georgia). we need full performance controllers; not trainees; who often use non standard phraseology and/or difficult to understand directions,Attitude;Communication Environment;Other;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
649052,PROBLEM: the controller was distraction on traffic in SW portion of his airspace. icing at altitude of NBOUND traffic; had to descend. I pointed out conflict. slow in his reaction and DIDN't give enough turn instructions to ensure loss of separation. very condescending towards me and the operation. too overconfident in his ability. did not react well when problem was pointed out to him,Attitude;Physical Environment;Preoccupation
650370,ON descent at approximately 7000 feet and 210 Knots Indicated Airspeed; a 'flaps fail' caution displayed when the flap selector was moved from 0 degree to 8 degree. I was the Pilot Flying. we performed the Quick Reference Handbook and Air Traffic Control was informed. approach cleared us to orbit while we assessed the problem. we took our time. there was no rush as we had plenty of fuel and diverting WASN't necessary because of the 11500 feet runway available to us at ZZZZ. the flight attendant was notified. I elected not to inform the passenger of the problem. the approach and landing WOULDN't be DISCERNABLE to them. I DIDN't want to cause any undue stress or anxiety for them. we attempted to call dispatch through ZZZ radio; but were too low. ZZZZ operations was unable to patch us through to them via their frequency. after completing the required tasks; I briefed the approach. I did not hesitate to declare an emergency with Air Traffic Control. the approach was uneventful. I did go slightly above Glideslope on short final. my flare was too early. subsequently the aircraft floated more than was desired. after landing; we taxied to the gate with Crash Fire Rescue Equipment following us all the way. I told the passenger of the problem at the gate. they COULDN't help but notice the emergency vehicles surrounding us. a Crash Fire Rescue Equipment member boarded the aircraft and asked about our brake temperatures. they were normal. this type of abnormal procedure seems to be routine for us; a matter of 'when' and not 'if' a flaps fail will occur to a CRJ pilot. after flying this aircraft for 6 YRS; I finally got my first. I know other pilots who have had multiple flap fail messages,Resource Deficiency
651856,ENGINEERING authority/authorized steps 5.3 and 6.3 (installation of leading edge slat track position sensor targets) were confusing as to what position was being worked. work was being performed in adverse weather conditions without the convenience of a hangar or additional lighting. I verified all part numbers of targets; bolts; nuts; cotter pins and kit number before installation; but the above steps never stated what position of the installation was being worked (inbound or outbound). the aircraft returned to the departure airport on the second flight after accomplishment of the above noted engineering authority/authorized due to a slat asymmetry anomaly. inspection revealed the inboard and outboard position targets were installed in the opposite location,Other;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
655635,FO was flying pilot; flying the TEB 5 departure off runway 24. although the crew briefed the departure prior to takeoff; there was confusion as to the correct heading to fly once airborne. this caused a distraction which resulted in an altitude deviation of 300 feet. the deviation was corrected by 200 feet when cleared to a higher altitude. crew was asked to call Federal Aviation Administration operations in ny upon landing. upon calling it was determined that a formal pilot deviation report would not be filed,Other;Preoccupation
656664,AFTER a WKEND with grandchildren; spouse and I scheduled a return outer marker may/mon/05 departing HEF; va; for FYM; TN; at XA00. I checked weather the previous afternoon and filed Instrument Flight Rules. I also checked adds; DUATS; National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration weather on-line products; and the CNN news weather RPTS. high pressure was over my route of flight with moderate turbulence forecast. before departing; I checked the on-line computer at HEF and noted no significant weather. freezing levels were at 6000 feet; but with high pressure and no rain in the forecast I was not concerned with temperatures. at 8000 feet Mean Sea Level; I was in heavy haze but could see the ground. after about 1 hour; I was in more cloud than haze; but there was no precipitation. near BLF; va; I received handoff to ZTL at which time I asked to be off-line to check in with Flight Service Station. elkins Flight Service Station informed me of conditions in the area with icing conditions at my flight level. while on-line with Flight Service Station; I went from instant no ice condition to an opaque iced windshield. I thanked Flight Service Station and immediately went back to atlanta and RPTED my problem and asked for lower altitude. not wanting to continue into adverse conditions; I told atlanta I would like lower and an immediate 360 degree turn. (I meant a 180 degree reversal of course. after what seemed like more than appropriate time and still picking up ice; I turned 180 degree; maintaining 8000 feet without clearance to do so. atlanta then came on line; asked my heading; and cleared me to 6000 feet and issued a more westerly heading. after a few minutes; I was then handed back to ZID. ZID did a fantastic job of giving me headings and altitudes that would get me out of the icing conditions and help me shed the buildup I had. I was over mountainous terrain and was limited to available options. there was some confusion as to headings and at times I stopped at altitudes between layers instead of the assigned altitude. although I was not given clearance for each action; I did; however; inform ZID of my altitudes and headings. I was asked of my intentions after losing the ice. I indicated that I would like to continue the flight if there was a route outside of icing conditions. after reaching 3800 feet and the ice was finally gone; ZID suggested a route toward hazard; ky; where conditions were more favorable. the remaining flight was uneventful. there are many lessons to be learned from this experience. the first is in the PREFLT planning. I assumed good weather from RPTS; but listened to only the portions I wanted to hear. experience should have told me a high pressure is often cloudy and when conditions are forecast to be unstable with turbulence; precipitation is likely. a last call to Flight Service Station would have given additional information. then there is recognizing icing conditions prior to conditions that could jeopardize safety. when I saw that the temperatures were near zero; it was time to take positive and immediate action. not wait until potential danger could occur. the flight 3 days before had been planned to avoid weather by going around the APPALACHIANS to the se. the same concept should have been used on the return trip. instead; I elected to take a faster direct route home. poor judgement. after icing conditions occurred; my focus was on getting rid of the ice. I did not completely follow directions by Air Traffic Control. unless I was in conditions where an emergency needed to be declared; Air Traffic Control instructions should be strictly adhered to. when my conditions changed; I should have waited for clearance before changing my altitude or heading,Other;Physical Environment;Proficiency
657952,THE problem arose from attempting to expedite our arrival. we were originally being vectored to runway 13; when approach changed our runway to runway 7 to accommodate a single engine aircraft making a practice approach to runway 13. as we neared; I noticed the single engine was not on the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System II. at approximately 1100 feet and Visual Flight Rules; I noticed runway 13 was clear and mentioned to First Officer that maybe I should request that runway. he made an ambiguous comment and I restated. then I requested runway 13 myself; and tower cleared us to land. I asked the First Officer to insert the Instrument Landing System for runway 13. he was heads down doing that as I initiated a bank to line up with the runway at about 600 feet. I had to increase my sink rate to compensate for the slower descent I had made in considering runway 13. we received a 'sink rate' alert from Ground Proximity Warning System; and I immediately answered 'correcting.' then we received the first 'pull up' and I again answering 'correcting.' when we received the next Ground Proximity Warning System alert; I stated 'I SHOULDN't have done this...' but continued the approach and increased the rate of descent to make the touchdown zone and build speed (energy) for the flare. we exceeded 1000 Feet Per Minute at flight idle. the First Officer was taken out of the loop until he made the 5000 feet; 3000 feet; 1000 feet calls. later he commented that when I said 'I SHOULDN't have done this;' he thought I was going to go around; and was shocked I touched down in the first 3000 feet (barely) and immediately initiated braking and reverse. we exited the high speed above 60 Knots and from a passenger perspective; not very comfortably. my judgement was clouded not only by the desire to be on time; but my frustration at the inefficiency of ground operations at BWI for making us late; and the handling by Air Traffic Control in changing our runway and vectoring us. instead of letting it go and hopefully making up time on the ground; I was trying to do it myself. I resorted to some old 'company' techniques. I showed total disregard for the first 2 parts of the 'safety; comfort; schedule' that I learned YRS ago. my hurried actions and the request for the Instrument Landing System took the First Officer totally out of the loop. I have extremely vivid memories of a previous incident and this approach and landing will rank right beside hopefully; forever. another factor that may have affected my judgement was the recent purchase of a high performance TAILWHEEL aircraft. I had practiced about 10 LNDGS the day before the trip and the view from OPS Base Operations Office to final was similar; therefore; comfortable to me. I will keep this in mind and mentally prepare myself to fly dissimilar aircraft as I used to do in my previous flying; and never try to compensate for the delays by doing something stupid,Attitude;Other;Preoccupation;Pressure
659013,APPROX 5 minutes after takeoff; received (level 2) lateral fuel IMBAL alert. complied with Quick Reference Handbook and we noticed yellow/amber numbers in tank #3 fuel quantity. lateral fuel IMBAL alert extinguished. around top of climb; we received (level 2) fuel quantity fault. we complied with the Quick Reference Handbook and notified operations and maintenance via phone patch. we then proceeded to ZZZ. just past ZZZ1 we received a tip tank low alert; and a tip tank trapped alert. this was followed by a (level 2) tank #3 quantity low alert. we elected to divert to ZZZ1 and turned on all XFEED valves according to the Quick Reference Handbook. at around 11000 feet Mean Sea Level we think the fuel system may have given us some good information and we received another lateral fuel IMBAL alert with 18000 pounds in tank #1 and 8000 pounds of fuel in tank #3. manually balanced the tanks before landing; although we were unable to confirm because of suspect fuel readings in the tanks. landing was uneventful at ZZZ1 and turned off just short of end of runway. approximately 30 minutes after block-in; tires #2 and #5 fuse plugs melted and required tire and brake change. #2 tire had recent maintenance history. I believe that the left wing was heavier than the right wing because of how I had to land the airplane; and this may have contributed to the hot brakes. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated initially maintenance believed the fuel system controller had failed; but after running the test on the maintenance computer; 41 outstanding faults were displayed. these were most likely faults that continued to add up from several other faults. the next day RPTR took the airplane and the automatic-fueling system was inoperative and the fuel system was operated in manual and worked satisfactory. the tires and brakes were the reason the airplane was Out Of Service overnight as brakes had to be sent into the diversion station,Resource Deficiency
660251,I was assigned to aircraft x during its heavy maintenance visit. yesterday I found out the panel 5725L was not REINSTALLED under the #1 engine thrust REVERSER 'Celsius' duct and that I had stamped the accomplishment of that task on job card x. panel 5725L is a 6 inch (approximately) panel located under the left-hand thrust REVERSER half on the pylon. the thrust REVERSER must be opened to gain access to the panel. this is the only panel requiring thrust REVERSER opening to remove. all other pylon access panels removed were placed in a group on the wing docking stand; which was located in front of the wing; as it is only used for airbus A330 aircraft. access panel 5725L was placed on older shelves under the tail stand at the rear of the aircraft; possibly due to being removed separately due to the requirement of opening the thrust REVERSER half to remove the panel. the panels are grouped on the installation paperwork with 3-6 panels on single SIGNOFF blocks. the thrust REVERSER open/close paperwork does not refer to this job card being completed before closing the thrust REVERSER half. upon receiving the panel installation job card; I installed the panels in groups as they are located on the pylon. as most were small inspection panels; I took a handful of the panels on the ladder; installed them and check-marked the panel numbers on the paperwork to keep track of the panels installed. on step 3A; I installed panel 5726L located above the thrust REVERSER; and check-marked it. I also installed the left-hand panels from step 3D on the side of the REVERSER and check-marked them. I then installed the remaining right-hand side panels on step 3D and stamped the completed block. then the right-hand panels on step 3A were installed. whether lunch; break; or other DISTRS; such as having to stop for a hydraulic/flap check played a part in the chain of events; I don't remember; but at this point there were no remaining panels where the pile was on the wing dock; and no visible access panel openings on the pylon; so it seems I went ahead and stamped the block. not having actively performed maintenance on B737 aircraft for the last 9 YRS (spent in the composite/flight controls overhaul shop); the hidden panel under the thrust REVERSER 'Celsius' duct did not make the immediate connection in my mind and raise an internal alarm as it would have then with current experience,Familiarity;Preoccupation
660521,TOOK a turn over from previous shift guy that was going to use an alternate connection (spare contacts) on the 5138 switch. the maintenance guy documented it in logbook. the work was done on my shift. a maintenance form was generated to change switch as we normally do when we deviation from the wiring diagram. I later found out on the morning of jun/sat/05 that I should have assigned Minimum Equipment List 32-21. this morning (jun/sat/05) contract maintenance was called to assign Minimum Equipment List 32-21 to aircraft. I was not aware of assigning an Minimum Equipment List to a switch in which we pick up spare contacts. to my knowledge in the past we would do a maintenance form to reflect deviation and have it changed out at next maintenance visit,Proficiency
661508,#7 main wheel assembly missing through bolt,Resource Deficiency
661761,TAXI out instructions were: 'taxi to runway 10R; cross runway 10L at taxiway g; stay with me for full length.' runway 10L was closed; along with multiple TXWYS. controller apparently meant to say; 'hold short of runway 10R at taxiway g.' we planned to cross runway 10R at taxiway g and taxi to the approach end of taxiway J; as we had been implicitly cleared. before we crossed runway 10R; we saw a small aircraft on 3/4 mile final for runway 10R and the Captain stopped the aircraft well short of the runway but past the hold short line. ground then told us to hold short of runway 10R. the cessna landed on runway 10R (we were well clear of the runway but past the hold short line). the cause of the incursion was poor controller language; namely: failure to state hold short instructions. we followed company procedures and common sense by visually checking final for traffic before crossing. we technically incurred the runway by crossing the hold short line; but stopped prior to entering the runway; never causing an unsafe situation. to prevent future occurrences; I will make sure I check for traffic well before crossing the hold short line; to be 'legal' as well as 'safe.' also; increased vigilance is required at airports with more General Aviation traffic like boise. the small size of the cessna made it much harder to see than the expected airliner,Communication Environment;Proficiency
663035,A300 arrived with pilot write-up for FADEC fault 2 at ROLLOUT when REVERSERS deployed. I tested and visually inspected #2 REVERSER; found no faults. I accomplished a FADEC test which showed no current faults; then an FADEC bite for fault history. I saw only fault codes for non-significant faults. I missed the code for a significant fault on the HYDROMECHANICAL unit. on the next flight; the same fault repeated and the HYDROMECHANICAL unit was replaced. there were no engine performance ramifications; just a repeat of the 'FADEC fault 2' on ROLLOUT. in cases like this; we have more time after the airplanes leave to go back and more thoroughly read the maintenance and troubleshooting manuals. we are under a lot of pressure to get the airplanes ready (usually 2 or 3 airplanes in 2 1/2 - 3 hours). it'S easy to get rushed and overlook something,Pressure;Proficiency;Taskload
664609,I was pushing out aircraft x from hangar when we saw that hangar ron had parked an aircraft at the end of the ramp behind hangar. we checked aircraft x and went to move aircraft Y out of the way. by the time I got to aircraft Y; hangar supervisor was waiting at the nose of the aircraft ready to hook up the tow bar. supervisor removed the tow bar from the tug and hooked UT up to aircraft Y. we then hooked it back to the tug. then supervisor removed the chocks from the aircraft nose gear. the wing walkers were in place and brake rider was in place. we moved the aircraft Y behind 'a' bay so aircraft x could taxi by. after aircraft x was clear; hangar ron got in the aircraft -- 2 guys and 1 in a truck. they asked if we would push them back. we said we would. when we were about to push the aircraft back and pointed out that the #2 cowl lower access door was open; they said they had a leak check to do. so we pushed them back in front of hangar and let them go. the next day I was informed that some chocks from aircraft Y fell out during takeoff. I don't remember any chocks removed from main landing gear and don't know if they were removed before I got to the aircraft or if they were in main landing gear wheel well or on the wing door. I do not think I am at fault. I believe that if they were there; that hangar ron would have found them on their WALKAROUND or when they were doing their leak check because they should have had it chocked then. if hangar ron did not see them; the flight crew should have seen them on their WALKAROUND and if they were on the main landing gear wing doors; they could not have been missed when the gear pins were removed. and last; the crew who pushed back the aircraft from the gate would have pulled the chocks last,Resource Deficiency
665686,#7 tire bolt broken. right&right'ed tire assembly reference x. checked tire pressure ok for service,Resource Deficiency
665786,ACFT arrives in ZZZ with #2 MWA -- 3 adjacent tie bolts broken. MWA #2 changed,Resource Deficiency
667131,PROC implemented by maintenance control was not followed for a known fuel problem on aircraft. I notified service of the procedure and was told to sign off problem. following day was told by the lead technician that the aircraft in question went Out Of Service because procedure was not followed. the following checks reflect inadequate knowledge of problem in service department; also the severity of procedure to accomplish at hand,Attitude;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
668221,SEEKING to obtain my complex rating; I called and arranged to fly with an instructor. my instructor asked if I had any time in a complex aircraft and I stated that I had a little over 1 hour approximately 2 1/2 YRS ago. I explained that my recent flying was in a very basic experimental type tail DRAGGER that had no electronics; radios; flaps; etc. after a short explanation of equipment; startup; CHKLISTS; run-ups; CLRNCS; etc; we were able to depart to the training area. after arriving there; the instructor explained the gear lights; ran the gear up and down both by gear lever and manually. there was an explanation of propeller setting and one simulated emergency landing. the instructor then asked me what I wanted to do next. I stated that I 'DIDN't know; what do you think? you're the instructor.' he said we should go back to the airport for touch-and-goes. he felt I would get the hang of the equipment quicker if I were in the pattern. I said ok and we went back. the first 2 touch-and-goes were ok. LNDGS were bumpy. in the pattern; the instructor was doing the radios; flaps; and advising me what to do with the propeller and gear. due to the short amount of time I had with this equipment and my lack of knowledge as to where everything was; after we would touch down; the instructor set and verified the equipment leaving me with the carburetor heat and throttle. after the second landing; I was looking out the window at the CTRLINE; the plane felt normal and accelerating. I then saw the nose drop and we were sliding to the left. the instructor told me to pull the power back; which I did. total time of lesson was 0.7 hours. when the instructor got out of the plane; he started telling everyone I had pulled the gear instead of giving full throttle. I was busy helping to push the plane off the runway with the other people that had come out to help. I told the instructor that I did not pull the gear. I did not know exactly where the lever was to be found in the panel. I would have to have let go of the throttle; look for the gear lever; pull it out; and lift up. I would have remembered that,Familiarity
668720,WHILE en route; the First Officer was calculating our projected landing weight. he realized that we would be above our maximum landing weight. we went back through our PREFLT calculations and realized that we took off at 50667 pounds when our maximum allowable takeoff weight was 50150 pounds. maximum landing weight was 47000 pounds. our calculated fuel burn was 3150 pounds which limited us to a maximum allowable takeoff weight of 50150 pounds. upon realizing our error; we requested a 360 degree turn at our cruising altitude to burn off the extra fuel. although we caught our error en route; we should not have taken off above our maximum allowable takeoff weight. no actual aircraft limitations were exceeded. both of us should have caught this error before takeoff. in the future; I will take the time to DOUBLECHK our performance calculations before departing the gate,Proficiency
669149,NO right landing gear down verified by tower. emergency declared. emergency gear extend. normal landing at ZZZ. maintenance pinned gear with tow to gate. emergency crews on hand. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated when checking back with maintenance the next day; the failed component or components were still not IDENTED and the airplane was still on jacks. maintenance advised the problem was in the hydraulic sequencing of the unlock; extend mechanism and not a position indicating problem,Resource Deficiency
669783,DURING weight and balance calculations we were well aware that we were close to maximum ZFW. we had 40 adults and 1 child onboard. we were provided a load sheet which stated we had 2486 pounds of cargo in C4. this put our ZFW at 37675 pounds; which is 23 pounds under maximum ZFW for an EMB140. en route; we received an Automatic Communications Addressing & Reporting System message from dispatch stating that our C4 weight was actually 2746 pounds; not 2486 pounds which was on the load sheet. we calculated our new ZFW to be 37935 pounds. we therefore had exceeded both our maximum C4 cargo weight and maximum ZFW; unbeknownst to us until halfway through our flight. we rechecked the load sheet and the math had been done correctly. we can only surmise that bags were added and the ramp workers forgot to add them to the load sheet until after we had departed. upon landing; the Captain called maintenance control. maintenance control told the Captain that no inspection was necessary. however; after talking with the chief pilot'S office; the Captain wrote up both EXCEEDANCES in the AML. contract maintenance came over and inspected the C4 compartment; but per maintenance control balanced the ZFW EXCEEDANCE by writing 'no inspection required.' have a ramp supervisor recheck the cargo compartment and verify the slip is correct. if exceeding the MZFW does not require an inspection; why have it as a limitation,Other;Proficiency
670100,I was working approach control at billings Airport Traffic Control Tower. air carrier x was inbound NW of the field. air carrier a was SW of the field on a vector for the visual approach. aircraft Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) departed runway heading. aircraft Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) is a twin cessna. air carrier B departed behind the twin heading 310 degree into the oncoming air carrier x. I turned air carrier x to a heading of 140 degree; vector for opposite direction traffic. I then told aircraft Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) about air carrier x. their flight paths were converging; so I turned aircraft Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) to a heading of 360 degree and issued traffic. air carrier Y departed runway 28R runway heading. I turned aircraft Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) NBOUND for the faster traffic following aircraft Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). aircraft Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) and air carrier x were parallel each other; opposite direction. I stopped air carrier Y at 6000 feet for traffic. air carrier x was stopped at 7000 feet. I then descended air carrier x to 6000 feet anticipating a turn and climb for air carrier Y. I cleared air carrier a for the visual approach and told him of the RJ. I then told him to expedite his descent. air carrier Y RPTED both air carrier x and air carrier a in sight. I climbed air carrier Y without telling him to maintain visual separation from air carrier x. within 1 minute or so the conflict alert went off between air carrier Y and air carrier x. when air carrier Y RPTED both aircraft; I believed he had them both in sight and that separation was maintained. that was until the conflict alert went off,Pressure;Proficiency
670721,THE Flight Management Computer database effective sep/thu/05 did not show the normal arrival procedures that we fly to descend into SCEL. these are the andes 9 and the BAYOS 8 stars. our clearance for this flight had us flying the andes 9 profile descent into high terrain. my crew had to type into the Flight Management Computer all the designated WAYPOINTS and altitude RESTRS associated with this descent. even in the middle of a cruise portion of the flight; it is quite possible to type in the incorrect fixes which could cause a problem flying the descent later in the flight. it is much easier to XCHK accuracy of published fixes if they are properly loaded into the Flight Management Computer database to begin with. I spoke with other air carrier planes flying into and out of SCEL who also complained they did not have these stars in their latest revision of the database. this omission needs to be corrected as soon as possible. you cannot afford to be taking a chance to fly into airports with surrounding high terrain without solid navigate data in the Flight Management Computer,Resource Deficiency
671778,AS I crossed the mountain chain that lets you into ZZZ; the space in the clouds was closing in. I called ZZZ traffic to report. at that time I was informed ZZZ was closed. I turned back to cross the mountain for my alternate; but the clouds had closed in my passage; no other airports were within 30 minute at that time except ZZZ. I explained my situation to airport manager. he gave permission for me to land and refuel. this is an airport I fly to often. I never thought of it being closed. from now on I'LL call the airport for status before departing. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that one additional problem he encountered was the aircraft; an older C150; had a higher fuel consumption than he had flight planned. he was very concerned that he would have to land off airport. he was planning his gliding strategy when he was finally allowed into the closed airport,Unexpected
672921,THE left-hand aileron power control actuator rod end fairing was incorrectly installed with the rubber on the wrong side of the seal. the AMM illustration was UNCLR; and the AMM did not specify the position of the rubber. upon inspection; the aileron moved freely and the seal appeared to function normally. checking the opposite side aileron was not an option at the time due to the aircraft being masked for an ongoing paint operation. AMM did not CLRLY indicate the proper installation of the fairing. the paint facility is not suited to support a paint operation and a maintenance operation simultaneously; due to a shortage of lift equipment and large amount of obstructions surrounding the aircraft during maintenance,Other;Resource Deficiency
673772,I descended the mooney out of 7000 feet for 4000 feet. he used a slow rate of descent. the HS25 was cleared out of 10000 feet for 5000 feet. I knew I needed to watch the descent rates but got distraction by other things. I issued headings to establish divergence but SHOULDN't have been in the situation to begin with. I'Mach Number 45 YRS old now and think that 2 YRS ago I would have caught the altitudes sooner. my reflexes are slower now and most of the controller work force is in the same situation. I hope that experience will make up for my diminishing reaction times,Physical Factors;Preoccupation
674578,DEP control (DFW) cleared us to go direct nobly on the departure route. Flight Management System accepted the direct exec command but at that time it cleared the COBUG and ORTRO fixes for the TRANS to little rock. we DIDN't realize the drop of the fixes until the system was going to lit from nobly and then Air Traffic Control advised of the deviation. the Flight Management System did again accept the manual inputs for the TRANS route. as we all know that on track is very important but at least one CREWMEMBER should extend route outlay of Flight Management System to ensure that if fixes are dropped then it is known instantly. never has this happened to me or the Captain flying as First Officer before. we both did verify the route and fixes prior to PUSHBACK per flight plan and Standard Instrument Departure charts. no changes were made to Flight Management System during taxi,Resource Deficiency
675104,DURING a REQUALIFICATION taxi of aircraft x; I was in the left seat; and the lead technician was in the right seat; per my request. I had not taxied with him before; nor had I taxied in the area of taxiway S or taxiway right. I discussed this with lead in detail; and he had me pull up a copy of the ZZZ airport; and we reviewed it. he pointed out the construction areas and I reviewed where taxiway S and taxiway right were on the Missed Approach Point. we received our taxi instructions: taxiway a; taxiway B; taxiway k; hold short runway 28L; and as we approached; we were cleared runway 28L; and hold runway 28R. we were cleared runway 28R to taxiway right; to taxiway Celsius to hangar from the gate. not realizing the turn onto taxiway right was a hard right then an angled turn; I missed the turn and lead directed me left toward taxiway S. he called the tower to explain our new position; and that we were on taxiway S. one of the contributing factors for not executing the turn correctly was that the sign for taxiway right is on the ground; and it directs you to taxiway S'S direction; which is left. the sign is not mounted; and is not illuminated. however; it was light out; we did not need electrical illumination; but as a first time taxi to that area; I could see that the 'S' taxi CONFIGN one would need to accomplish requires a descriptive review prior to taxiing there; and maybe even not a left seat position; but one of observation to better identify the area. we were on taxiway S; and the tower told us we were on an active to continue to taxiway right; taxiway Celsius; hangar and call back tower once positioned. as we taxied across runway 10L; I could see the aircraft at the beginning of the runway just land as we taxied onto taxiway Celsius. lead was in communication with the tower during the execution of taxi from taxiway S to taxiway right; however; on one hand; while crossing an active runway we were not directed to hold or stop; whereas we should have said to the tower more CLRLY; 'this is our position; do you wish us to go back to; or continue onto; and/or stop the aircraft?' I am very sorry I made an error. it was a shared mistake; one of communication and infrequency of taxi; and not having the sign marked correctly,Familiarity;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
675414,I just took over a busy sector. I had been briefed that I would be receiving air carrier V at FL350; who was going to be in conflict with air carrier x at FL350. air carrier x also had an aircraft Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) underneath at FL330 who was slowly descending; and an opposite direction aircraft W at FL340; about 3 minutes away. unnoticed was air carrier Y; also at FL340. air carrier Y was NWBOUND at heading 300 degree; and air carrier x was EBOUND at heading 090 degree. when the descending FL330 aircraft was out of the way; air carrier x was hurried down to FL330. air carrier Y was brought to my attention by the relieved controller; and turns of 25 degree right were issued to air carrier x and air carrier Y. air carrier x responded to both turns; however; and air carrier Y never received a turn,Taskload
675674,I was witness to a violation of Federal Aviation Regulation'S concerning the use of unapproved parts. the part in question was a right-hand top thrust REVERSER actuator on the right-hand engine that was removed on previous shift. this part was removed due to a drop dead Minimum Equipment List and was scheduled to be replaced per the job card. the part was troubleshot in the aircraft maintenance history and documented as being defective in the aircraft logbook. that night after the defective part was removed from the aircraft and tagged; it was discovered that the part in stock was not interchangeable with the old part. it was decided by upper management that the old tagged part was to be REINSTALLED and the Minimum Equipment List extended. the MECHS were given a written directive to REINSTALL the old tagged part and they complied with the order; but did not feel comfortable signing off their work. I also was not comfortable with releasing the aircraft; so I did not. management closed out the package. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated there was no SVCABLE actuator in stock for this airplane and the deferred item was out of time. the removed actuator was tagged as UNSVCABLE; but management ordered it REINSTALLED and it was REINSTALLED. the maintenance operations center sent out a deferred item short time escalation and the airplane was dispatched. none of the lead technicians would sign the maintenance release; but management signed and cleared the paperwork,Pressure;Resource Deficiency
676011,WHILE landing at sugar land airport; I started my round-out and at about 65 Knots with full flaps; I was too high; about 3 feet above the runway. the stall horn was on and added a little power to keep the plane from dropping at the same time I started adding left rudder to correct for a crosswind of 6 Knots. at that time the aircraft landed hard on the mains. the aircraft bounced once and started moving to the left of center. as the nose touched I still had the left rudder in. the aircraft pulled hard to the left; heading off the runway. to keep from ground-looping the plane; I headed off the runway as smooth as I could and I applied the brakes. I was coming up on a landing light; so I added some power and rear pressure on the controls to raise the nose to avoid contacting the propeller and nose gear. after clearing the light; we stopped under control about 4 feet off the runway. the tower called and told us to hold. we could have got underway on our own power; but the tower wanted to have us towed back to the parking area. we inspected the aircraft for damage and found none. the aircraft was returned to service that day. after replaying the landing in my mind; I feel that the problem could have been avoided if simply after the mains touched; relaxed pressure on the rudder pedals; thus letting the aircraft straighten the NOSEWHEEL on its own,Proficiency
676676,I was asked to ferry a piper cherokee 140. I got to the airplane; performed a thorough PREFLT. I read the checklist and it informed me to start the engine on the left magneto only. so that'S what I did. the airplane did not want to start and it back-fired. I continued to crank; and I finally got it started on both magnetos. I did a run-up -- everything seemed normal. so I took off and right after takeoff I smelled smoke and immediately following the smell; the cabin filled with smoke. I turned and landed the plane back on the runway. upon further inspection; the exhaust slip joint going into the muffler had slipped out and caused hot exhaust to burn through some wiring. I think the backfire caused the exhaust pipe to come undone,Resource Deficiency
678816,ABOUT 30 feet into the PUSHBACK from gate; we felt the tow bar snap. the tug operator confirmed that on the intercom. the ground crew quickly had another one hooked up and we recommenced the PUSHBACK. #2 had been started during the first attempt; and #1 was started during the second. after about another 10 feet; the second bar snapped. ground crew confirmed this and RPTED the second bar clear and no aircraft damage. I asked the RAMPER to stay on the line while we sorted things out on our end. during the after start flow; we discovered that all 4 hydraulic pumps were on. we had sufficient clearance to turn out since the adjacent gate was unoccupied. after asking the ground crew to wing-walk through the turn; I cleared them off and taxied out after receiving their thumbs-up clearance. we were late getting the before start checklist done because we were attempting to determine what the Runway Visual Range was. I had already gotten a revision to my release for a takeoff alternate. we had been scheduled for over 1 hour on the ground and then got in 35 minutes early from MCI. with all that ground time; we requested ground power; which took a couple of attempts to get hooked up. in that disruption of the normal routine during parking; the entire parking checklist was probably not accomplished and the hydraulic pumps had been on the entire time. in retrospect; I realize that we were in a situation of neither gate services nor straight Auxiliary Power Unit power; and getting it sorted out disrupted/distraction us enough to not complete that checklist. same thing happened on the PUSHBACK evolution with the weather distraction,Preoccupation
679531,LEAVING TEB; using the TEB 5 departure; we climbed to 1500 feet then started our turn to 280 degree. the controller contacted us and asked for our altitude. I said we were at 1500 feet then asked for an altimeter setting. I recall that we were a couple of points off; can't remember which way. the weather was very gusty and windy. I do not know if the controller had us busting an altitude or not; he never said. it sounded as if he felt we had exceeded the altitude standards. but our altimeter read 1500 feet,Physical Environment
679984,I was working air carrier x for an Instrument Landing System approach to runway 23L established on final with air carrier Y approaching from the n for an approach to runway 23R. in trail of both aircraft was air carrier Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) on a straight-in approach to runway 23L. I ensured the separation of these aircraft by ensuring vertical separation while adjusting their respective speeds to the appropriate spacing on final. I was concerned with expediting the movement of air traffic to limit their exposure to the icing conditions. I cleared air carrier x for an Instrument Landing System approach approximately 10 mile from the Final Approach Fix and instructed him to maintain a speed of 190 Knots or greater to the marker. it appeared that air carrier x was in compliance with my speed restrict and I XFERRED communication of air carrier x to the local control position for landing clearance approximately 5 mile from the Final Approach Fix. I then issued approach clearance to air carrier Y and restrict the pilot to maintain 170 Knots until the marker; which the pilot acknowledged. subsequently; I issued approach clearance to air carrier Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) and the arrival separation appeared to be sufficient. consequently; after issuing approach clearance to air carrier Coordinated Universal Time; same as Greenwich Mean Time (GMT); it appeared that air carrier x incurred a dramatic loss in AIRSPD immediately following my communication XFER. I made a remark as to this occurrence and my supervisor instructed me to 'break air carrier Y out.' it appeared that air carrier x was now approximately 2 mile from the Final Approach Fix at a speed of 150 Knots. I immediately canceled the approach clearance for air carrier Y and issued instructions for the pilot to maintain 3000 feet and turn right to a 360 degree heading. an extended period occurred in which air carrier Y descended to slightly below 3000 feet and then climbed to 3300 feet. then it appeared air carrier Y descended again to 2600 feet while still traveling on the final approach course. I reissued the 360 degree turn to air carrier Y but the pilot did not reply. subsequently; I again issued a 360 degree heading to air carrier Y and the pilot acknowledged the transmission and commenced his turn. the separation standard for these 2 aircraft was 2 Nautical Mile lateral. although a Pilot Deviation on air carrier x is being investigated; a separation error occurred with the aircraft on final to the parallel runway when 1.79 Nautical Mile lateral and 700 feet occurred,Physical Environment;Pressure
680619,FLT attendants discovered a passenger had brought on board personal oxygen. this oxygen was liquid oxygen. I contacted air carrier medical; plus customer service rep; and dangerous goods department. liquid oxygen on board was not approved (FOM 13.10.16). canister was removed from aircraft and placed in lost and found. seems to me this type item should not have gotten through security,Other
681153,I was working all tower position combined at the time and had been on position for about 1 hour. I had 1 vehicle; a snow blower; doing turnarounds at taxiway and runway INTXNS removing snow. I held him short of the runway to allow several ARRS to land. once they landed; I approved turnarounds on the runway till told otherwise. I then placed our memory jogger in place to indicate a vehicle on the runway. I then went over to flight data to make an Automatic Terminal Information Service. while doing this; I had 2 aircraft call me to land; I had my headset on and was able to clear them to land without going back to the local control position. I scanned the runway. not seeing anyone on the runway; I cleared both aircraft to land. I then finished the Automatic Terminal Information Service and it was a rather longitude one due to the NOTAMS for runway closures and field conditions that had to be on the Automatic Terminal Information Service. when I returned to the local/tower position; I realized what I had done. I immediately confirmed the vehicle was holding short of the runway before my next arrival. while the vehicle never entered the runway while aircraft were landing; the potential existed for him to be there. thanks to an alert driver that did not happen. lesson learned for me was: no more open-ended clearance for turnarounds and don't work the position in a way you're not used to; IE; use all your tools. I like to use the podium we have for the local control position. the person I relieved did not; and I did not replace it after I relieved him. I believe if I had been using the podium the memory jogger would have stood out more and I would have realized what I was doing and corrected it before it happened,Familiarity;Taskload
681907,MODERATE turbulence was RPTED in the SJN area in the low FL300'S (to FL330). I issued climb CLRNCS 1 minute part; and the A300'S (first in climb sequence) rate was less than 500 Feet Per Minute. I was not alerted to this climb rate by either the pilot or 'conflict alert.' if either of these alerts had come to my attention the situation could've easily been avoided. furthermore; I WOULDN't have initiated simultaneous climbs under normal circumstances; but the RPTS of moderate turbulence demanded expeditious efforts to avoid these altitudes,Physical Environment;Pressure;Resource Deficiency
682395,FLYING along at cruise; transformer rectifier 2 (VFR Low Altitude Training Routes-2) failed and the corresponding circuit breaker popped. First Officer was the Pilot Flying and the Auto-Pilot #2 failed. we selected Auto-Pilot #1 and was back to Auto-Pilot flight. cabin went black; and a constant blue light and call chime was going off in the cabin. we lost all communication with the flight attendants. we brought the lead flight attendant up to the cockpit to keep her and the flight attendants in the loop. we worked with dispatch and maintenance to recover what we had lost. we regained cabin lighting and communications; but did not regain VFR Low Altitude Training Routes-2. in the process of attempting to regain VFR Low Altitude Training Routes-2; I inadvertently pulled the DC bus #2 circuit breaker and after resetting it; had lost the EPR mode on engine #2. we selected N1 manual mode on both ENGS and continued the flight uneventfully,Resource Deficiency
682891,ON CLBOUT from CMH; we encountered icing at approximately 3000 feet Mean Sea Level and almost immediately received a bleed 1 OVERTEMP Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System message. when we ran the Quick Reference Handbook and shut off bleed 1 as required; the OVERTEMP message went away. we reached dispatch and maintenance control to make the go/return decision. dispatch and maintenance control conferred and said we would be ok to continue to bos given the weather forecast. they told us to expect contract maintenance on the ground in bos for a bleed system 1 deferral. we asked if it would be safe to continue to bos; given the weather was Instrument Meteorological Conditions and had snow in the forecast; but dispatch and maintenance control said we could continue and deal with the problem on the ground in bos. at this point; we were too busy to verify the Minimum Equipment List items for single bleed operation. the dispatcher said there was no icing forecast in either bos or CMH and; therefore; the flight would be fine according to maintenance control. dispatch gave us fuel burn numbers for the continued flight at FL250. we were in level flight at 10000 feet above 50 mile or less from CMH at minimum AIRSPD in Visual Meteorological Conditions when the decision was made to continue. after my conversation with dispatch; the First Officer and I reviewed the CHKLISTS associated with single-bleed operation in possible icing conditions. there are several CHKLISTS for anti-icing failures due to low bleed capacity with the single-bleed operating. we discovered that with 1 engine bleed source deferred; we were not permitted to fly into known icing conditions according to the Minimum Equipment List. we reviewed the weather packet and found that there were forecast low ceilings and possible precipitation through most of the NE with temperatures around freezing at the ground for all RPTING stations. to the best of our knowledge; there was no place within our fuel range that would permit us to land without flying into known or forecast icing. it also occurred to us that wherever we landed we would not only face possible emergency anti-icing failures; but would additionally be stuck awaiting maintenance due to the 'no flight into known icing' caveat in the Minimum Equipment List. after learning this new information; we called dispatch back for an alternate plan. we decided to return to CMH where we knew they had very thin ceilings and; even though we would be flying through icing to land; we had a known quantity to deal with rather than fly into a rain and snowstorm farther n. on approach to CMH we did receive a wing anti-ice fail message and had to configure the airplane for landing earlier than normal to ensure engine power and bleed air volume would be sufficient for anti-icing. we were in trace-to-light icing for less than 2 minutes before breaking out of the clouds on final and could see no residual ice on visible surfaces. the total flight time was about 2 hours from start to finish; and then only that longitude because it took the First Officer and I so longitude to get through normal flight duties and then review the other applicable system and Minimum Equipment List information. we flew through icing conditions single-bleed into CMH because; according to our best information; there was no place else we could go and land without encountering clouds and CMH was the best overall option. this flight had several issues. the first issue was MISCOM between me and dispatch. when we called; I informed dispatch that on departure from CMH we had received the bleed OVERTEMP; and we were INFLT trying to make a continue or return decision. dispatch did not correctly understand what I told them and told me in a later conversation they had assumed we were on the ground in CMH at the time of the call rather than 50 mile n of CMH at 10000 feet. another issue is that dispatch told us we could continue to bos because; as the dispatcher said; there was no forecast icing between bos and CMH. according to our weather RPTS in hand; all fields along the route were calling for overcast clouds with temperatures around freezing throughout the forecast period. there seems to be some misunderstanding for what constitutes known or forecast icing at the dispatch level. the last issue is that; as a flight crew; we were heavily task loaded with this problem and; therefore; took a while with our normal duties before we found THEPROB with flying into icing. if maintenance control had been more pro-active and had told us over the radio what the stipulations were for continued flight or for the operationally limiting Minimum Equipment List right at the beginning; we could have saved a lot of fuel and time by returning to CMH immediately or flying into a field that had more favorable non-icing conditions. in the end; we swapped aircraft in CMH and were able to accommodate all our original passenger and a few that had been XFERRED from another flight. we arrived in bos without further incident,Communication Environment;Other;Physical Environment;Taskload
683560,THIS trip combined with the one previous made for extremely bad fatigue and I flew without sleep for 48 hours. I was so fatigued I believe it was dangerous and I was too afraid to call en route sick list for fatigue because of our stringent sick policy. I could barely function which would make for EVACING a plane dangerous for passenger and crew. when is too much fatigue and concern for safety the time to call en route sick without being threatened by our sick call policy,Duty Cycle;Other;Physical Factors
684306,I learned upon arrival to the aircraft that during the overnight SVCING the lavatories had been overcharged. this resulted in the carpets by the forward entry door and in the back between the 2 lavatories getting wet and smelly. cabin service and management were busy replacing the carpets and vacuuming them at that time. the carpet at the forward entry door had already been cleaned. about 1 hour into the flight to DFW the flight attendants told me that the carpets were giving off an odor from the DEGERM fluid and that they should be changed when we get to DFW. I made the appropriate entries in the logbook and sent the messages. we were scheduled to fly this aircraft back to IAD about 1 hour after arrival into DFW. the rug truck came out to the aircraft and cleaned the rugs. maintenance also came out to sign off and review the logbook. after the rug truck left; I called the agent to inform them they could board. I was told that they had received a call from the ramp tower informing them the aircraft may go Out Of Service. about that time; one of the maintenance technicians walked by. he told me there was a lot of blue fluid in the E&E compartment and that they would probably need to take the aircraft over to the hangar to dry out the compartment. upon return to IAD; I mentioned the incident to one of the RAMPERS. she told me that one of the new RAMPERS had been asking for a while to get trained on the lavatory truck and got tired of waiting so he decided to train himself. it looks like the ball was dropped in a couple ways. the untrained RAMPER should have never attempted to service the lavatories. when it was discovered that the lavatories had been OVERSVCED; maintenance should have been notified. I believe that they were aware of the situation. my copilot and I were under the impression from what we had been told that the only issue was the wet carpets when I boarded the aircraft; there were no obvious signs of fluid or any other damage from the fluid,Physical Factors;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
685235,DURING the installation of the right-hand fan wheel assembly I used a dial torque wrench to check 3 of the old nuts that hold the wheel on for run-on torque. I used a calibrated torque wrench from the Fixed-Base Operator where we were at and found that the 3 nuts had anywhere from 5-30 inch-pounds of run-on torque. I used the highest reading which was 30 inch-pounds and added it to my final torque of the fan wheel. I later realized that I could not use the Fixed-Base Operator'S torque wrench; and we did not have one with us. I also learned that we are not to reuse the old nuts; and must use new nuts. all of the used nuts that I did install were torqued to 440-460 plus the 30 inch-pounds. I decided that because the torque wrench was not company x'S and the old nuts were used; that I needed to ground the airplane because the run-on torque was in question; and new nuts needed to be installed per the manual. while trying to avoid further aircraft delay; I chose to reuse the nuts and get the torque wrench from the Fixed-Base Operator; this would help use return the aircraft to service quicker. I later had second thoughts on the run-on torque values as I reviewed the day'S events in my mind. after much thought; I called my manager and told him to ground the airplane and replace the nuts. my manager removed the aircraft from service; and parts; tooling; and qualified personnel were dispatched to the aircraft. I was requested to return home to ZZZ,Other;Resource Deficiency
686364,AS I flared to land on runway 19 (near the numbers) the plane settled lower than normal. as I was realizing that and wondering why my stall horn was going off when I still had over 80 Knots of AIRSPD; I heard a loud scraping noise to the right and behind me. this was closely followed by a clunking sound that I thought was my landing gear breaking. I then realized I had not lowered the gear and applied immediate full power for a go around. I climbed out and announced and executed left-hand traffic pattern and landing for runway 19 without incident. as I turned crosswind during my climb; my propeller was silhouetted against the dark shape of canfield butte. I could then see a white circle in the propeller image. my propeller is all black on the rear side. it was at that time that I realized the propeller must have struck the ground and been damaged. there was no indication of abnormal vibration or loss of performance during the go around at any time,Proficiency
686980,UPON reaching FL340 we were in process of accelerating to cruise speed and completing the cruise check when the triple chime 'engine oil' with left oil pressure warning message illuminated. the left engine oil pressure was fluctuating between approximately 23-28 psi. First Officer completed the Quick Reference Handbook. the left engine thrust was reduced to idle per Quick Reference Handbook and the oil pressure raised to 33-38 psi and oil temperature of 112 degree. we requested FL280 from Air Traffic Control and were cleared to FL280; which allowed a slow descent needed because of the single engine situation. I was able to maintain no more than 74% N1 and still have oil pressure 30-33 psi. we got Air Traffic Control clearance direct to ZZZ after telling Air Traffic Control that we had a left engine low pressure indication and had to operate at reduced thrust but both ENGS were operating. our approach and landing was normal and we landed within 30 minutes. I also briefed the flight attendants and the passenger after our clearance was received. during the approach briefing; the First Officer and I discussed that if we had to go around; we would plan a single engine go around scenario; due to the reduced thrust available on the left engine,Resource Deficiency
687121,PERFORMED aircraft daily dependability check on 2 aircraft; failed to notice documenting procedures for fuel tank SUMPING that went into effect that same day. card was not included or provided in work package by company; could not get access to card. request proper package from company; pay better vigilance to minute changes in paperwork. received no word of new changes from lead (who DIDN't know either) or management. had no access to new work cards. bad planning from planning department. complacency on mechanic'S part,Attitude;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
687754,SVMI tower cleared us for takeoff on runway 10 and told us to switch to departure control on frequency 120.1. just before we set takeoff power; a DC3 landed over the top of us. weather was low ceiling with rain; but good visibility below the ceiling. no Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System targets were indicated on the final approach course before we took the runway,Other
687850,LANDED at the ism airport without landing clearance. we left ILM just after 10; went to spa; waited for about 2 hours. left for lal. just before we got to lal I became very disoriented. thought we were low on fuel; landed in zephyrhills; Flight Level; topped off the inboard fuel tanks; outboards were full. departed ZPH for lakeland; Flight Level. again became disoriented; could not interpretation the compass or Global Positioning System. I was circling around when I saw the ism airport. decided to land. until I got on the ground I did not know what airport I had landed at. had landed without calling the tower. I have about 1500 hours in the B200; just over 15000 hours total time. this was my first trip in this aircraft. the aircraft I regularly fly has a honeywell MFD; with a KLN94 Global Positioning System. the aircraft I was flying yesterday has 2 GARMIN 530'S and an AVIDYNE MFD. also a different Auto-Pilot. my first thoughts on the cause for this were the antihistamine I had been taking for a head cold over the WKEND. on my drive back (car) to north carolina; I experienced some pain in my left kidney area; also experiencing high fever. upon my return; called the urologist. after arriving at his office found to have a temperature of 103 degree. he took x-rays; immediately sent me to hospital. ended up staying in the hospital for 4 days mainly for the complications of the high temperature. the doctor informed me that the disorientation was probably caused by the high temperature,Familiarity;Physical Factors;Resource Deficiency
688215,#2 engine'S bleed air trips. I was asked by air carrier x maintenance control to lock PRSOV in closed position per Minimum Equipment List. I made a mistake and closed the high stage valve in closed position instead. this valve is installed just below the PRSOV,Proficiency
688501,APPROX 3-5 minutes prior to this incident; the aircraft got 1 single jolt of light to moderate turbulence. there was no turbulence prior to or after this incident for quite awhile. this jolt succeeded in waking up the off watch Captain who then went back for a restroom visit. following normal Standard Operating Procedure procedures; I got out of the left seat to let him back into the cockpit. when I was getting back into the left seat; the other relief pilot called out that we were in a vertical speed descent of 100 Feet Per Minute! we immediately proceeded to stop the descent. I first hit 'flight level change' since FL350 was still in the altitude window; but the Auto-Pilot remained in vertical speed. so I just rolled up the vertical speed to +200 to climb back up. we both read off the altitude at FL347.3. prior to this incident; we had requested FL360 from NADI. once established back at FL350 and in Vertical Navigation; we received our climb clearance to FL360. the Pilot Not Flying selected FL360 in the altitude window and much to our amazement; the vertical speed window opened on its own showing +100 Feet Per Minute! after climbing to FL360 we later tried duplicating the problem. unable to duplicate. did Vertical Navigation revert back to vertical speed on its own; did the turbulence do it; or did I inadvertently hit the vertical speed select button while getting out of my seat? we tested the last theory; not an easy thing to do. but this was our only rationale -- until we descended into sydney. now the Captain was back in the left seat; hand flying; Auto-Pilot off; in Visual Meteorological Conditions. we received clearance from 9000 feet to 8000 feet; but when the Pilot Not Flying pushed flight level change instead of getting flight level change; the vertical speed windows opened up again. this happened several times and we wrote it up. there was something wrong with the Mode Control Panel. did it contribute to our altitude deviation; or was it just a coincidence? this incident proves that even with diligent pilots; minor ALTDEVS can happen. should we be motoring down the middle of airways with head-on traffic in RVSM airspace? or would it be better to have a built-in offset to preclude the obvious? the necessary door security procedures are definitely a distraction. it is still prudent to allow the Auto-Pilot to deviate from the altitude window by more than 200 feet (maximum allowed in RVSM) without a warning? I shudder at the consequences of our not recognizing the altitude deviation as quickly as was done if there had been intervening traffic below us in RVSM airspace. the Standard Operating Procedure to call out changes when the other pilot returns to his seat is a good one; and may have saved us; but it was still too little too late,Physical Environment;Preoccupation;Resource Deficiency
688590,I was Captain on air carrier x en route from BFD to JHW. I reviewed the current weather; NOTAMS; and airport conditions for our route of flight and found that we required an alternate airport. I called dispatch and spoke with my dispatcher MR x and requested an alternate because we required one due to the forecast at our destination. he sent a new flight release with an alternate of pit. I reviewed the new release and found all weather; NOTAMS; and airport conditions to be good and we were ready to depart for JHW. JHW weather was initially RPTED by Automatic Terminal Information Service at XA47Z; winds 230 degree at 7 Knots; visibility 10 Statute Mile; light snow; broken clouds at 6500 feet; temperature 03 degree Celsius; DEWPOINT -06 degree Celsius; altimeter 29.76. while en route to JHW I noticed the weather to be lower than what the Automatic Terminal Information Service was RPTING. I contacted UNICOM at JHW and requested a new Automatic Terminal Information Service. at XB37Z the weather was updated to winds 310 degree at 17 Knots gusting to 27 Knots; visibility 3/4 Statute Mile; light snow; overcast clouds at 200 feet; temperature 01 degree Celsius; DEWPOINT -03 degree Celsius; altimeter 29.82. I found the weather to be meet the minimum requirements to allow us to commence the approach. braking action at JHW was RPTED as fair to good and this allowed us a maximum crosswind component of 25 Knots. our crosswind component was 23 Knots so we were within limits. we flew a stabilized Instrument Landing System approach to runway 25 and had visual contact with the runway at 400 feet above ground level. we touched down in the center of the runway; at a VREF of 118 Knots Indicated Airspeed; in the touchdown zone at 1250 feet from the approach end of the runway. due to crosswind and slippery runway conditions that were worse than advertised we slid off the downwind side of the runway. the left main wheels were off the runway and the left propeller impacted 1 runway edge light. after adding power and regaining directional control of the aircraft on the center of the runway I stopped the aircraft on the runway and looked out my window to check for damage. I noticed a vibration coming from the left engine and did not want to cause any further damage to the aircraft so I commanded the First Officer to shut down the #1 engine. I then taxied the aircraft very slowly to the terminal ramp. I would have RPTED the braking action as poor to nil; much worse than what was expected and RPTED at the time. after exiting the runway and completing the after landing checklist I notified the cabin and asked the flight attendant if everyone was alright and she told me yes. we deplaned the aircraft; did a POSTFLT inspection of the aircraft and logged the proper entries in the aircraft maintenance logbook. there were no injuries to passenger or crew and no damage to the aircraft other than 2 blades on the #1 engine propeller and a cracked navigate light cover. supplemental information from ACN 688587: the field condition was RPTED as fair to good braking action with thin loose snow,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
689219,PRIOR to departure; we received HAZMAT notification from ramp; an air waybill correctly and completely filled out showing life saving appliances; self inflating of 130 pounds loaded in aft #6. also received an air waybill referring to radio active material type a. this part did not have a weight (amount) or location where on the airplane where it was loaded. when I inquired about this (it appeared that someone just forgot to fill that part out) ramp sent a man up to review it. I showed him the paperwork and inquired about the missing information. he said he would check and get back tome. ramp called back; and then a ramp employee came back to the cockpit with the section of radioactive material inked out. both men said that it was a mistake. there was no weight or pit location because the radioactive HAZMAT was not loaded on our airplane after all; that'S why there was no pit location. ramp lead assured us it was not loaded. later that day; I checked at ZZZ control. paperwork for pit showed both loads of HAZMAT; one for 130 pounds and one for 150 pounds had both been loaded into aft pit. their paperwork showed signed off by ramp lead. when I discussed the discrepancy with them; 2 of the air freight/loading specialists were sympathetic and helpful. the third gentleman; while nice; seemed to shrug it off; and reassured me that 'well; that stuff ISN't really radioactive' and all parties seemed to downplay the significance because it was 'just' COMAT. my concern is that ramp/freight does not seem to understand the importance of complying with Federal Aviation Regulations and notifying the Captain about HAZMAT on the airplane. it is not up to a ramp person; or even a pilot to determine what is and is not HAZMAT on an airplane. I explained strict testing standards are applied; and they DIDN't seem familiar with this. I strongly suggest some serious training emphasizing that all HAZMAT must be accounted for; properly documented and the Captain must know what is on his airplane! some complacent ground personnel were also vaguely familiar with the rules but shrugged them off on the ground that 'oh; it'S just COMAT; and those oxygen containers were empty anyway....' let'S solve this problem now by complying with our existing good rules,Attitude;Familiarity;Proficiency
689314,AFTER 50 minutes of the flight; dispatch notified that there were cargo pallets on board that were not added to the final weights. our real final weights showed us 3238 pounds over maximum structural takeoff weight and; of course; exceed maximum taxi weight also. departure; cruise; and landing were non eventful. the correct weights were input in the Flight Management Computer and fuel and time were monitored as per the FOM,Other;Proficiency
691872,THE flight was delayed a couple of hours due to the late arrival of the aircraft. the doors were closed; the 'before start' and 'cleared for start' CHKLISTS were complete. the anti-collision light was turned on. while pushing back; we were cleared by the tug driver to start #2 engine. just after the start lever was raised to idle; the tug driver stopped the PUSHBACK; and keyed in something about opening the cargo door to load another bag. the First Officer and I conferred about what he had said and I replied; 'I'Mach Number in the middle of starting engine #2. do not open the cargo door.' there was no response. I tried to contact the tug operator again and there was no response. during the second attempt to contact him; the forward cargo door light illuminated. I immediately shut down engine #2 and set the parking brake. I tried to get a hold of him again to no avail. I asked the First Officer to open his window and see if he could see anyone. he RPTED back that it looked like a ramp employee was closing the forward cargo door. the forward cargo light went out. the operator was nowhere to be seen. moments later; the tug jostled back and forth as if someone got on it. I'Mach Number speculating at this point that the tug operator had gotten off the tug to help load the bag; but that is only conjecture. what is not conjecture is that we were not in communication. moments after this; he answered my intercom call. I then had a discussion with him about what happened. midway through this discussion; the ramp agent came on and I explained my concerns to her. both ramp agents were very responsive and apologetic. both agents said they understood my concerns and that it WOULDN't happen again. the ENGS were restarted and the flight continued without incident. upon further review during flight; I could find no guidance in the FOM on the 2 questions I had: 1) is it permissible or safe to open the forward cargo door when the #2 engine is starting and/or started; and 2) is it permissible for a tug driver to either a) dismount the tug and or B) remove his head set during an engine start and/or PUSHBACK,Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency
692236,FUELER provided fuel sheet showing fuel in wrong tanks; but total amount of fuel proper. during PREFLT activities; the FUELER came to cockpit and said he was having difficulty getting fuel into correct tanks. we were still under fueled at that time for cleared fuel of 373.6 + taxi. Captain suggested FUELER go get his supervisor to help him out. FUELER returned to cockpit at departure time and gave us final fuel sheet. the fuel sheet showed total fuel to be correct; 377.1; and the actual fuel in each tank was shown as correct except the gauges showed fuel in different amounts in subject tanks. for example; fuel sheet showed actual in center and horizontal stabilizer tank to be 109.1 and 20.8; respectively. gauges showed center and horizontal stabilizer tank to be 112.4 and 17.2; therefore; horizontal stabilizer tank was UNDERFUELED by 3600 pounds. Captain called dispatch and requested the true fuel amounts in the tanks be forwarded to central load planning. dispatch was to call flight after block departure if discrepancies arose in weight and balance for takeoff. Captain called dispatch during taxi out; having not heard from him; and discovered over SATPHONE that aircraft was out of balance and required 20K of structural check fuel in center tank before departure. we were not within limits and were prohibited from taking off. after examining all options; it was agreed that flight could burn from only center tank (on the ground) by keeping flaps up; burn center quantity to 109.1; Captain and dispatch agreed new cleared fuel reduced to 366.4 at XA47Z; and flight could go. burned the center tank to agreed amount; 109.1; departed normally after about 1 hour of taxi time. again; the actual fuel in each tank of the final fueling sheet showed the 'desired' amount of fuel; not actual. the fueling sheet had been forced to show a legal fueling; but the actual in the individual tanks; when entered into the load planning computer; showed us illegal for departure,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
692461,I was on final approach for runway 7 as directed by gainesville tower. on approach; I believe the winds to have been a quartering headwind with about a 10 Knot crosswind component. approach was smooth and the windsock was not observed to have any erratic behavior. touchdown was achieved on the left main wheel and maintained as the right wheel was lowered as the aircraft slowed. at this time; several seconds after touchdown; the wind shifted and gusted producing a quartering tailwind component (as per the tower after touchdown). the aircraft pitched forward and to the right and the nose dove toward the runway and the propeller impacted as well as the tip of the right wing. the aircraft'S attitude was recovered with corrective control inputs (left aileron; right rudder and back pressure on the yoke) after the propeller strike had occurred; I was able to taxi to the Fixed-Base Operator for inspection. after inspection; my flight instructor and aircraft rental agency were immediately contacted. the sudden change in wind direction and intensity from a quartering headwind to a dangerous quartering tailwind played a large part in this occurrence. while speaking with jax approach they told me to expect runway 29 or runway 25 before handing me off to GNV tower; which then vectored me for runway 7. in my mind this indicates that the jax controller believed the prevailing winds to be from the opposite direction. after the incident the active runway was changed to runway 25 offering a headwind component on final approach. had this change been made prior to my landing; this situation may have been avoided. I believe the incident was caused by a sequence of problems. first; the runway assignment may have been incorrect for the prevailing wind conditions -- setting up LNDGS with a dangerous gusting quartering tailwind. second; myself as the Pilot In Command should have questioned the controller'S runway assignment based on the jax advisory. thirdly; as a student pilot; my inexperience likely delayed my reaction time in responding to the increasing wind velocity and direction shift,Physical Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
692478,WHEN replacing the #2 radio altimeter transmitter receiver; I found the rack driver/extractor assembly and insert were missing. a check of the IPC 34-37-00-078 item #131; 132A shows that these parts are only effective 661 to 699. my EFFECTIVITY was 113. at ZZZ we had but not. even if both parts were on hand they could not be used due to the EFFECTIVITY range. note: the #2 radio altimeter transmitter receiver is secure with the knurled box hold down nuts. I contacted my lead and supervisor. I was directed to contact maintenance services; which I did. I explained the problem to all. I believe that there is an error in the IPC,Resource Deficiency
692742,BOTH aircraft packs were inadvertently left in 'off' position. normal position is 'automatic' or 'manual.' bleeds switches were on. at 15000 feet Mean Sea Level (cruise altitude) cabin altitude warning light came on. cabin altitude showed 9300 feet and 2.5 PSID. aircraft pack switches immediately selected on (manual position). aircraft re-pressurized normally. comments: the position of pack and bleed switches is normally checked on the Captain'S originating flow (not a checklist item). bleed switch position is a checklist; but pack switch position; on the 'after start; 'before takeoff;' and 'after takeoff' CHKLISTS. it is always assumed to check the pack switch position along with bleed switch position. normally; the pack switches are always on in either automatic or manual position and never selected off except for abnormal operation. only bleeds select on/off for takeoff/landing performance requirements. however; a new common practice is to cycle the pack switches off for approximately 10 seconds; then back on; to clear faults in the digital pack controls that sometimes cause temperature control problems. this may be why the pack switches were left in 'off' position. it is also interesting to note that we were maintaining approximately 2.5 psi at 15000 feet Mean Sea Level with bleeds on; but aircraft packs off,Proficiency
694630,AFTER returning to the tower Cabin Attendant from a break; I was directed to relieve the supervisor from local control S. traffic was heavy; with 5 aircraft in the S pattern and 10 departures waiting to go. after receiving a position relief briefing from the supervisor; I accepted the position and began to scan the runways and traffic pattern. approximately 10 seconds after taking the position; I noticed 2 aircraft on final approach; a piper cherokee on short final to runway 7R and a piper seminole about 1.5 mile in trail. upon further scanning; I noticed that another piper cherokee was out of sequence on a OPS Base Operations Office leg on an intercept course toward the seminole on final. I advised the seminole pilot that it appeared that a student solo cherokee was on OPS Base Operations Office leg and was about to intercept final directly in front of his aircraft. the seminole pilot then advised that he observed the cherokee and was taking evasive maneuvers to avoid an Near Midair Collision. I spoke with the seminole pilot in person; and he advised that his aircraft was within 20 feet ot the cherokee in question. this event was due to 1 of 2 things: 1) supervisor being relieved did not ensure proper sequence for aircraft in pattern. 2) student solo pilot failed to observe traffic and/or follow Air Traffic Control instructions,Proficiency
695136,MEDICAL emergency. in cruise; I was notified that 3 of my flight attendants were sick and vomiting and another was nauseated. notified company and declared a medical emergency. DEADHEADING flight attendants were used to make sure all doors were manned during landing. normal flight; landing and taxi,Other;Physical Factors
695820,THE event actually started on the ground in DFW. the clearance was confirmed with the Flight Management System and the flight plan. all the proper points were there and checked. we were given a runway change on taxi out and when the new data was entered; the original Standard Instrument Departure dropped out. the new runway was entered as well as the Standard Instrument Departure but the transition was not loaded and a navigate point was left out of the route. the clearance was TRISS2; TXK TRANS. TRISS2 was loaded and after TRISS the Flight Management System was now going direct to TXK; thus bypassing a WAYPOINT. we were informed that we were 4 miles off course and asked if we were cleared direct TXK. I replied that we were proceeding direct to TXK at this time and was then informed of the deviation. the busy time prior to departure and the low time of my personal experience with the aircraft added to the error. no traffic was impacted and we were then cleared to now proceed direct to TXK.supplemental information from ACN 695819: Air Traffic Control gave us a phone number to call. they said no action would be taken and they were just trying to reduce these types of incidents as they were occurring frequently. in hindsight we should have slowed down a bit and told the tower we needed a couple of minutes to review our departure since we had received a runway change. complacent!,Attitude;Familiarity;Taskload
696418,APPARENTLY loaded Flight Management System improperly. missed turn to spa after DAWGS and was following a direct course Flight Management System to PSK. 20 Nautical Mile n of DAWGS Air Traffic Control queried our heading then turned us to spa. although we verified the routing prior to departure; the spa fix somehow dropped out and is still UNCLR to me how this occurred,Other;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
696994,I normally work B & Celsius checks. I was working line routine overnight checks on overtime and had a service check with an Minimum Equipment List that #2 engine bleed valve circuit breaker would not reset. I worked along with other mechanic and OHMED out the wiring. disconnected wiring to check condition of wiring and reconnected. reset circuit breaker and cycled #2 engine bleed switch several times. circuit breaker stayed set and solenoid operated normally. I closed engine up and cleared Minimum Equipment List stating that I OHMED out wiring and noted no faults in system. I copied the discrepancy from Minimum Equipment List sticker to green sheet; but did not see that SP36 was performed which is to lock out the PRSOV. the aircraft flew to las and took a delay where the PRSOV was found locked out. I failed to catch that SP36 was performed due to it being noted above the discrepancy on the Minimum Equipment List sticker. it was oversight on my part,Proficiency;Taskload
697580,DURING CLBOUT from ZZZ1 we had an RNP light come on indicating a possible navigate system error. found RNP varied up to 18 mile. confirmed navigate error with aircraft VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range'S and Air Traffic Control. worked problem until over ZZZ2 VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range. tried to update Inertial Reference System'S; but both system dumped. we lost all primary navigate and attitude displays. declared an emergency while descending out of FL310 and diverted to ZZZ2. Air Traffic Control gave us no-gyro vectors to a Visual Flight Rules landing. OVERWT landing was uneventful,Resource Deficiency
698810,WE ferried the aircraft with the NOSEWHEEL steering inoperative. we DIDN't think that to be an issue because the Minimum Equipment List even states that we could have carried non-revenue passenger with NOSEWHEEL steering inoperative. on approach; the Captain called for gear down. I put the gear down and we got a warning stating; 'gear disagreement' and one with; 'nose door open.' we executed a go around and discovered that the 2 main gear indicated down but the nose gear indicated up. as there are 2 'gear disagreement' CHKLISTS (1 for up and 1 for down); and some of our gear were down and some up; we ran them both to make sure. the nose gear did extend and lock. we declared an emergency at this point at ZZZ. on about an 8 mile final; fully configured to land; we received a caution message: hydraulic 3 over temperature. ran the checklist and IDENTED hydraulic pump 3A to be the problem (we had hydraulic pumps 3B and 2(?) on for the previous problem). the temperature settled down to 90 degree Celsius (green) and the message went away. upon landing we taxied to the hangar. we DIDN't have steering so we had to be towed in to the hangar. after the shutdown checklist was complete (per maintenance personnel'S instruction); they hooked us up and began towing us to the hangar. at that point; hydraulic #3 OVERTEMP caution came on again. I was on the radio with maintenance at the time; so I just asked him if he wanted me to turn the hydraulic pump 3B off as well. he said yes; and I did so and the message went away. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the #3 hydraulic system powers the nose steering; nose and main landing gear extension and retraction; gear doors and brakes. the problem with the nose steering was a selector valve but this was only speculation and the RPTR has received no factual information from maintenance. the cause of the nose gear extension and the #3 OVERTEMP is unknown,Resource Deficiency
701278,WHILE on a layover in den; I received a call from the A320 LCA coordinator. he told me that he had received possibly a note and/or phone call from MR xxx. he informed me that MR xxx was angry because I was fatigued after flying A320 trip and I was an A320 LCA. the LCA coordinator relayed to me that MR xxx also told him that 'he' chose the assignments and that 'he' selected who will be an LCA. with respect to this incident: 1) I was fatigued after going to sleep at XA00. 2)I was following Federal Aviation Regulation'S with respect to being fit and alert for duty. I complied with FOM regarding alertness management; flight operations mission statement; rule of three: Captain'S authority/authorized. that being said; the trips in question were not LCA assignments. I was not acting as an LCA in any capacity. I find MR xxx'S call to the LCA coordinator and his statements harassment and an attempt into intimidation. my being fatigued had nothing to do with training but rather a fatiguing trip,Attitude;Physical Factors
701730,INSTALL engine starter on left engine. after installed; found on removed started deflector 'call maintenance operations director to tell them no deflector.' the deflector and clamp are ?? stock,Resource Deficiency
702156,GIVEN descent clearance by ZAU to descend to 11000 feet. instructed to maintain 2500 Feet Per Minute rate of descent. during descent given left turn to heading 360 degree. shortly after rolling out on new heading and descending through approximately 14000 feet received traffic alert from Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System system. target aircraft on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System screen displayed 2000 feet below and in our flight path. recognizing the ensuing conflict I stated to the Captain that we would get an Resolution Advisory. the Captain had recognized this concurrently and began to arrest descent. Resolution Advisory immediately followed with adjust vertical speed to an aggressive climb resolution. my Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System display at this point was on 6 Nautical Mile scale and showed conflict aircraft overlaid on our aircraft symbol. vertical separation showed 1000 feet. Captain followed Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System commands which instructed 2000 Feet Per Minute rate of climb until clear of conflict was ANNUNCIATED. leveled at 17000 feet. during maneuver I instructed Air Traffic Control that we were responding to Resolution Advisory and climbing. Air Traffic Control rogered my transmission and after a pause made the statement 'I thought you said you were going to descend;' which I believe was directed at the conflicting aircraft. we then received clearance back down to 11000 feet and direct to ord. I stated to Air Traffic Control that we would be writing up the incident. no acknowledgement was received to this statement or any further XMISSIONS heard directed at conflict aircraft. it is my opinion that without the Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System and the actions it compelled us to commence we could have had a very bad outcome to this event,Other
702678,THE error sequence began when I accepted a handoff from ZBW flight planned kempe; HEDUX; LKP. I asked the aircraft if they would prefer to go direct HEDUX for straight-in Area Navigation-a from their present position -- 14 Nautical Mile se of HEDUX. I issued a clearance to cross HEDUX at 5200 feet (Minimum Vector Altitude E of HEDUX) cleared straight-in Area Navigation-a approach. when the aircraft was at HEDUX at 5200 feet; I had XFERRED communication to ZBW. (ZBW is the control facility for LKP; although this approach is within BTV airspace.) I realized; as the aircraft crossed HEDUX he was below the required altitudes for the approach. the approach crosses mountainous terrain. I immediately contacted ZBW and advised them of my error; for which they issued corrective instructions to the aircraft. factors: I was the watch 'controller in charge.' I was involved directly; via phone line; with coordinating the relief of tower controllers for the end of their shift. note: the facility manager had been assisting us through the day. at the time he returned to his office; I was on radar approach control. the other controller assigned to the Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility; was working flight data/assist. traffic was a factor. in addition to normal Instrument Flight Rules/Visual Flight Rules operations; there was parachute jumping in the airspace; and 3 FLTS of Fahrenheit-16'S departed. 2 FLTS immediately canceled Instrument Flight Rules and proceeded to depart our airspace and immediately re-entered the airspace on VR1800 at 440 Knots with traffic ahead; on their route of flight. I physically held the LKP Area Navigation-a approach plate in my hand. I failed to verify the altitudes required to complete the approach. the manager was advised and the incident is being investigated. Minimum Safe Altitude Warning did not activate for this aircraft; but did activate for VR1800 traffic,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
703129,WE were inbound to the airport on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan. we were cleared for the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range runway 12 approach into PRC. PRC tower was extremely busy and we could not get our call in on the frequency until reaching the intermediate fix of the approach. tower handed us over to their 2ND frequency; which was also very busy. we could not get our call in until the final approach fix (DRK VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range). we told tower we would cancel Instrument Flight Rules; and we were cleared for the VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range runway 12 practice approach; with an altitude restrict to maintain at or above 6500 feet Mean Sea Level. upon reaching the missed approach point; I noticed on our ads-B display there was a target headed towards us; indicated as being +300 feet above our altitude. the aircraft was company traffic; also with ads-B. had we executed the published missed approach procedure at this time; it would have flown us head-on into the traffic. I made visual contact just as my student was about to execute the missed approach procedure; a climbing left turn (right into traffic). the traffic appeared to be higher; so I took controls to prevent us from turning/climbing into him. (this was all in the time span of 5 seconds or less.) the traffic passed directly overhead; estimated distance of 100 feet vertical. tower did not report the traffic to us until he was passing overhead and the controller even apologized for not RPTING it sooner. after the flight; I discussed the incident with the Pilot In Command of the 2ND aircraft. he said they were on the other tower frequency (125.30; we had been on 128.75). he also said his controller had not RPTED the traffic to him at all. they were also restrict at or above 6500 feet Mean Sea Level,Communication Environment;Resource Deficiency;Taskload
703582,ON the late afternoon of JUL/XA/06 I was involved in an incident. I was flying a UPF7. after landing ROLLOUT and a smooth touchdown; the aircraft came to rest on the propeller nose down; left main gear and left upper wing. I was landing runway 21 with a 10 Knot right crosswind. in the transition to a TAILWHEEL going to the deck; I applied too much left pedal and brake pressure shifting the center of gravity and pivot point to the main landing gear. the tail lifted off the deck and the aircraft came to rest nose down. on inspection after the incident; the propeller was cracked from the weight of the aircraft resting on it. the upper left position light was also cracked. I believe that less brake pressure and securing the stick aft would have prevented the incident,Proficiency
707037,AFTER a 5 1/2 hour flight from BANGKOK to narita (I was the Captain and the First Officer was flying this leg); we were about ready for descent from FL380 when we were told to hold at a point called 'BINAN' (I think that was the name; still haven't been able to find it on any charts or plates). TOKYO control had to spell it phonetically; it was in our Flight Management System database; so we started holding at FL330 and descended in holding when told to do so. our EFC was about 30 minutes from the time we started holding. we were slightly ahead on our fuel plan and expected to be able to hold for that longitude and then proceed with the arrival into NRT. we were not told the reason for holding and did not expect any problem getting into NRT since Air Traffic Control gave no indication of a problem and the Automatic Terminal Information Service looked good. we would; however; be cutting into our alternate fuel in order to do this holding. approaching our EFC; we were cleared to hold at another point on our planned arrival called 'venus' with an EFC 40 minutes later. I responded that we were 'unable' to accept that clearance because we were now minimum fuel and that we needed vectors to commence the approach. I estimated our fuel requirements and told them we must land by a certain time. Air Traffic Control complied with our request and we would have landed only about 5 minutes after the time I had given them; and with the amount of fuel. I had wanted to land with. Air Traffic Control had not informed us 1) that we would be expected to hold again after the initial holding; 2) the reasons for holding (we assumed it was just for spacing into NRT); and 3) that thunderstorms were affecting operations at the airport. we did hear another aircraft ask why they were holding and they were told that it was for ARRS backing up. they failed to mention that they were backing up for thunderstorms. there were buildups in the area and we could see them and paint them on weather radar; but they were relatively widely scattered and WEREN't a problem where we were. Air Traffic Control was also not issuing EFC times initially until we all started demanding them. if we had known that thunderstorms and WINDSHEAR were impacting ARRS and departures; we would have gone to the alternate immediately. so the dangerous situation here is that Air Traffic Control was leading everyone down a path where they would be low on fuel and forced to land at an airport with marginal weather. so we were cleared for the approach and encountered rain and gusty wind conditions on the approach. after being cleared to land and down to about 1200 feet above ground level; we were breaking out of the weather and the field was coming into view. the AIRSPD was fluctuating and we had MICROBURST indications off to the right of the runway. we told tower that we were going around and started to fly the published missed approach. after we had completed the initial turn of the missed approach procedure; we could see that it would take us into a thunder shower; so I selected a heading that would avoid it; and then informed Air Traffic Control that we were declaring an emergency for fuel; what heading we were flying; that we were climbing to the missed approach altitude (6000 feet); and that we needed to land immediately at the nearest airport. we were already heading in the general direction of HND; our filed alternate. we were given vectors to final at HND; flew the approach to runway 34R and landed with only about 30 minutes of fuel remaining. after refueling and waiting for the weather to clear (about 4 hours); we flew from HND to NRT,Physical Environment;Pressure;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
707595,DURING climb from 25000 feet to 35000 feet observed left engine oil pressure drop from 60 psi (normal range) to 25 psi (amber range). oil temperature remained normal but quantity dropped 4 to 5 QTS below the right engine quantity. (they were equal at departure.) no Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System message was observed. contacted dispatch and maintenance who observed the engine parameters through data link. we elected to return to ZZZ. left engine oil pressure increased into the normal range during the descent but the quantity remained 4-5 QTS low. dispatch declared an emergency for us as we would be making an OVERWT landing. I did not exercise emergency authority/authorized and we landed uneventfully at ZZZ. landing weight was 281000 pounds. after gate arrival and engine shutdown maintenance personnel opened the access door and observed that the left engine oil filler Civil Air Patrol was not secured. maintenance SVCED and ran the left engine; accomplished an OVERWT landing inspection and released the airplane. we continued with that aircraft,Resource Deficiency
708140,ON departing PHL on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan; we were told by the tower to contact PHL departure control. upon contacting them; they queried as to our heading. we replied that we were on runway heading after departing runway 27L. he said that we should be on a 255 degree heading. before departure; we had looked at departure procedures and notice that it said to fly a 255 degree heading after takeoff if advised to. we had received our clearance via Pre Departure Clearance. upon looking at the clearance closer; it did say that we were cleared as filed; which was direct MXE VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; but later in the Pre Departure Clearance it said we were cleared via the PHL 7 departure; which included a 255 degree heading after takeoff. we had received a Pre Departure Clearance earlier at pit and it included the Standard Instrument Departure at the beginning of the Pre Departure Clearance. I think that if the format for Pre Departure Clearance'S was standard; then we would not have missed the Standard Instrument Departure in the Pre Departure Clearance at PHL,Other
708771,AREA supervisors are being scheduled shifts with only 6 hours between each 8+ hour shift. with the ability to work traffic and make important decisions; these people are being forced to work with limited rest periods -- possibly effecting their ability to make correct and proper decisions,Duty Cycle
709361,WHILE on third straight-in final for runway 3 at SUW; I lowered the gear switch; added 1 notch of flaps; and called my position on Common Traffic Advisory Frequency. one other aircraft RPTED his position as I thought and felt the familiar drag of gear. I located other aircraft as I continued my approach added more flaps; and prepared to land. I verified fuel switch; fuel pump; maintenance; propeller; but failed to verify down and locked. once flared over the runway; my aircraft continued to 'float' and then started to sink farther than normal. I decided to go around and added full power just as the bottom started to scrape. I kept full power in; nose up attitude normal soft field speed. once airborne; I realized gear had not extended. I reset circuit breaker and gear came down and locked then made a safe landing. once shut down; I discovered I had significant propeller strike; but very little other damage. I notified National Transportation Safety Board; they said no report was necessary. 3 things I will do differently: 1) no more straight-in LNDGS at UNCTLED airports; I will fly the normal pattern. 2) I will keep my hand on landing gear switch till down and locked light. 3) if by chance I land gear up again; I will shut down and walk away. taking off with a broken airplane could have been disastrous,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
711066,APPROX 50 minutes into flight; approaching intersection at FL390; #1 flight attendant called to advise of possible medical emergency. Captain and I discussed diversion options and made preparations for divert to ZZZ2. #1 flight attendant called back to confirm medical emergency (possible stroke or heart attack); no medical professionals on board. with Captain'S concurrence I contacted COMRDO high frequency and declared a medical emergency and requested a divert to ZZZ2. COMRDO instructed us to stand by. Captain initiated a 15 Nautical Mile offset to right. with no clearance from oceanic after approximately 5 minutes; Captain exercised his emergency authority/authorized and initiated an expedited descent to FL280 and turned toward ZZZ2. concurrently; I (First Officer) XMITTED a 'pan; pan; pan' on frequency 121.5; stating our position; altitude; and intentions. shortly thereafter; oceanic cleared us direct to ZZZ2 and advised to stop our descent at FL320 for traffic. at no time was any traffic observed visually or on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System (40 Nautical Mile scale/lower). center then acquired radar identify with us and RECLRED us direct ZZZ2 and subsequent DSCNTS. throughout the emergency a line of embedded thunderstorms necessitated numerous deviations. flight landed at ZZZ2 safely; aircraft met by Crash Fire Rescue Equipment at gate and distressed passenger removed. flight re-departed for ZZZ3. safety report is being submitted as oceanic queried us several times as to reason for descent during emergency. as stated above; descent was to exit the airway and track and divert as well as to avoid overhangs and severe weather,Other;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
713971,SHORTLY after level at FL370 Air Traffic Control asked our altitude. we replied FL370. we then realized we had not changed our altimeters to 29.92 at transition; they were still at 29.64. we reset altimeters,Proficiency
714503,WHILE taxiing on taxiway Q; signage at intersection of taxiway Q and t Light Emitting Diode us to believe we should make slight left turn to stay on taxiway Q. this actually turned us onto taxiway t that Light Emitting Diode to runway 12. this all occurs in a couple hundred feet. stopped short of runway 12; made 180 degree turn to reenter taxiway Q,Other
715001,I was flying from MTJ to the san antonio area with a Visual Flight Rules flight plan filed. weather briefings before the flight had indicated marginal Visual Flight Rules to Instrument Flight Rules weather through central; southern; and west texas. I knew I would likely need to land short of my destination but I was trying to get as close as I could before needing to continue the trip by ground vehicle. I had planned a stop at PVW. the weather was clear Visual Flight Rules until approximately 30 mile n of PVW where a large thunderstorm made me deviate slightly E of course. coming around this storm the lower cloud layer was scattered to broken and it was UNCLR whether these clouds were only associated with the storm or the beginnings of what would become an overcast layer. I elected to descend below the layer which was about 1500 feet above ground level. very quickly this became an overcast layer with scattered rain showers requiring deviations in course. I passed just n of plainview. the cloud layer then opened back up with large areas of blue sky. with marginal ceilings I decided to climb back on top and proceed further S towards san antonio. the layer became solid overcast below and after flying for about 30 minutes it was very apparent that it would likely not open up again before san antonio. I turned back n; planning to fly back into Visual Flight Rules conditions for descent and landing. while flying back; a hole was spotted in the overcast with ground visible. I descended through this hole in Visual Flight Rules conditions from 9500 feet Mean Sea Level; but found the cloud bases to be very low; approximately 700 feet above ground level. I was S of LBB at this time and tuned to LBB Automatic Terminal Information Service which confirmed a ceiling of 700 feet above ground level. I was now at a point that I could not climb back up as I had lost sight of the previous hole in the overcast layer. I found myself to be in marginal Visual Flight Rules conditions due to the low ceiling but still reasonable visibilities of about 4-5 mile (in class g airspace). I decided to try and make it to LBB and was locating the frequency for lubbock approach. very quickly I was in an area of scattered rain showers reducing visibility requiring deviations in course. I became very concerned I would lose contact with ground reference and quickly pushed the nearest button on my Global Positioning System. this IDENTED 2F4 (tahoka) as the nearest airport. I changed course and tuned 122.8 Common Traffic Advisory Frequency. I announced my intentions of making an emergency landing about 5 mile from the airport; with no response on frequency. I overflew the airport at approximately 400 feet above ground level midfield to identify wind conditions. I spotted a flag on a construction vehicle indicating a strong wind from the S. I quickly turned to a right downwind; lowered my gear and flaps; and turned OPS Base Operations Office and final. on short final I noted a large yellow 'x' just off the approach end of the runway. there were no 'x' markings on the runway itself. the runway visually appeared to be usable and I made the decision to land. the next day I came back to the airplane and moved it to F82. I spoke with an individual at the airport who confirmed it was closed and the runway was scheduled to be torn up very soon. I informed him of my intentions to move the airplane. I made a crucial error in this flight that caused me to enter into very marginal conditions. I had just passed through the lubbock area 30 minutes prior and found Visual Flight Rules conditions below the cloud bases. I failed to obtain the current Automatic Terminal Information Service at lubbock prior to my descent through the break in the clouds. the Automatic Terminal Information Service would have shown conditions had changed to very low ceilings; and I would not have descended. I would have continued further n to clear Visual Flight Rules conditions before descent. descending through a hole in an overcast layer; although done Visual Flight Rules respecting cloud distance RESTRS; is very risky and I will not do that again unless assured good Visual Flight Rules conditions exist below the bases. I ended up making an emergency landing on a closed runway. as I overflew the runway midfield at low altitude I could not see the yellow 'x' laying in grass off the ends of the runways. all other runway markings were visible and gave the appearance of an open airport. it was not until short final that the closure markings were visible. it would be more apparent if they were on the runway itself covering the runway direction numbers. nonetheless I felt it was an emergency situation and chose to land,Communication Environment;Other;Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
715523,FO was running late. to prevent flight delays; I performed the First Officer duties as well as my usual 'Celsius/O' duties and I prepared the aircraft for the first flight of our trip. in the process; I neglected to check the logbook for write-ups. I later discovered to my dismay that there were 2 minor cabin/galley write-ups by the previous crew that had not been addressed by maintenance personnel. I take full responsibility for the omission. I attribute my error to the following: 1) extreme fatigue caused by airline management pushing all domestic crews of air carrier beyond reasonable human tolerances (for the sake of productivity). this is a problem that is growing to extremes with air carrier and must be addressed to prevent a tragedy. our crews are exhausted; and if we call in sick we are harassed incessantly. 2) drastic changes in procedures and no real training on those unfamiliar procedures. training by 'email' is cost-effective but quite ineffective,Attitude;Familiarity;Physical Factors;Pressure;Proficiency
716092,CLRNC given prior to taxi as turn heading 335 degree. read back by First Officer as 335. 335 set on heading bug. departed runway 24. started turn to 335 degree. noticed proximity to mountains but were well clear. tower asked heading. said we were supposed to be on 235 degree heading and contact departure. departure confirmed 235 degree heading. cleared us on course. although mountains became a factor and I felt at the time of the turn that it did not seem right; at no time did we come close to the mountain and we did not get any Ground Proximity Warning System warnings. I should have noticed the general direction of the headings at first. but; it may be better that all CLRNCS out of roa be a published departure procedure,Physical Environment;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
716668,WHILE on a road trip; I removed passenger seats 10A and 11A; 17A; back course; and 18A; back course in order to readjust sidewall panels on aircraft. after readjustment of the sidewall panels; I REINSTALLED the passenger seats and mistakenly swapped position of seat 10A and 11A. not knowing that I had done this; I continued with the follow on of the seat installation and had a quality assurance inspector RECHK my work. MR x was the inspector that evening. he signed the non routine work card and the job was closed. I DIDN't realize that I had switched the seat position until I was told that they had found them switched at xxx,Proficiency
717504,MY plane was parked at gate XX in CVG. after PUSHBACK I turned SBOUND on taxiway Fahrenheit. at this time taxiway Fahrenheit was clear of any airplanes. the only airplane in sight was aircraft Y facing E and stopped W of the yellow dashed line by 3F. I then taxied my airplane toward 3F. thinking that aircraft Y was giving way because he was already stopped and had no lights on; I stopped my airplane short of taxiway J. at this time the 2 airplanes were still and the nose of the aircraft Y was at my 4 O'clock position. we then switched to CVG ground to hear the end of a transmission from aircraft Y; stating that they 'were now #2.' the ground controller amended his clearance but at the same time the aircraft Y airplane started to taxi between my airplane and the grass band; forcing his way toward taxiway J; and then calling ground to state that they were '#1 now.' during the maneuver my airplane stayed still and my First Officer was WORRYINGLY monitoring the constantly decreasing distance between our 2 AIRFRAMES. I do not know if the aircraft Y pilot group is aware of the taxiway movement directive; nor of the light usage while an airplane is taxiing; but this occurrence that endangered the safety of both our airplanes looked to me as an act of piracy,Attitude;Resource Deficiency
717948,ACFT came into ZZZ with a service check and some assigned work attached to the package. the book was clean and the flight crew RPTED no problems with the aircraft. I began my service check WALKAROUND ground visual of the aircraft and when I got to the left/h FWD fuselage area I noticed numerous lighting strikes on the skin starting from the nose RADOME working aft past the wing-to-body fairing. upon further inspection I found the left/h FWD alternate static port had 3 EA lighting strikes which had welded the surface of the static port. the track of the strike is pretty obvious (in my opinion) starting from the RADOME working aft. in my experience; this was a pretty good strike and I had not even been up to the aft fuselage or the tail yet to look for the exit point. I initiated log page for the lightning strikes and log page for the conditional inspection due. I also initiated log page for the alternate static port damage. what was puzzling was the clean book with no pilot report from the flight crew. I assume with this much damage the flight crew would definitely know if they had been hit by lightning. I ran a 3-day history and discovered that aircraft was stuck by lighting and reported the previous day. a conditional inspection was performed by contract maintenance with no defects noted and the aircraft returned to service. it then flew for the better part of two days before the service check here in ZZZ where it was caught. the aircraft was towed to hangar line in the morning and they have since found a melted static wick on top of the V-stabilizer and apparently it is now scheduled out of service for the next 3 days to repair the damage found. I've initiated this report to find out how this aircraft could operate in service with this much damage for almost two days and not be found; as well as the initial conditional inspection.callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR states the service check required a WALKAROUND visual inspection of the overall aircraft. starting at the left side of the fuselage from the RADOME aft; he noted numerous big brown and black spots on the fuselage paint and on closer inspection; it was discovered it was lighting strike burns. the paint was gone from many of the strikes and the fuselage skin surface was wavy and wrinkled. the left alternate static port had 3 strikes and fused the port to the fuselage skin. the airplane was taken out of service and in the hangar; with good lighting; it was found the fuselage had 38 skin strikes that required burnishing or repair. the static port required replacement and was RVSM critical. the topmost critical stabilizer static discharge wick was melted and needed skin repair and replacement. the airplane had a RPTED lighting strike the day prior to the damage discovery and had flown 17 flights after a conditional lighting strike inspection; which was signed off by a contract technician with 'no effects noted and aircraft returned to service.,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
718122,IN daylight CAVU; received clearance from ZZZ tower to take-off on runway 4; departing northeast. shortly after lifting off from runway; became aware of strong smell of burnt wiring; but no smoke and no fire. engine generating full power; normal rate of climb. notified ZZZ tower of smell of burnt wiring; but no smoke and no fire; and intention to roll into left crosswind and return for landing as soon as practical. notified ZZZ tower that traffic that had departed runway 4 ahead of me and was apparently entering closed traffic pattern was in sight and would not be a conflict. ZZZ tower notified said traffic of need to sequence behind me. flew downwind; OPS Base Operations Office; final; landed; turned off; returned to ramp and shut down. to the best of my knowledge; no aircraft was required to deviate to accommodate my flight. no emergency was declared. owner of aircraft was called to the field; and problem was diagnosed to be stuck starter relay that resulted in starter wiring burning out. may be cessna design defect.callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: the RPTR stated the takeoff was normal until about 200 feet when the smell of burnt wiring was noted. advised tower of immediate return to field. landing was uneventful. the RPTR; when on the ground; advised the owner of the aircraft of the incident and was present when maintenance discovered the starter relay stuck in the closed or start position. the starter relay; starter wiring and starter were replaced due to overheating. neither the aircraft owner nor the RPTR were aware of any circuit breaker or current limiter in the starter circuit. the RPTR stated the owner of the aircraft contacted the local flight standards division office and believes this is a cessna design fault,Resource Deficiency
718676,ENRTE from toledo express via direct GSH VFR Omni-Directional Radio Range; Captain flying. we were cleared to FL220 and told that we could expect higher when clear of traffic passing off our right side. we RPTED the traffic in sight and watched it pass behind us. at FL180 both pilots reset altimeters and called out 'set 29.92.' at FL217 on the Captain'S altimeter; the copilot remarked that the cleared altitude was FL220 which the Captain acknowledged. the copilot then stated that there was an altitude discrepancy between the altimeters and that his altimeter was indicating FL227; 1000 feet higher than the Captain'S altimeter. the Flight Engineer noticed that the Captain'S altimeter was set to 28.92 instead of 29.92. just as the Captain corrected his altimeter and began a descent; ZAU called and asked what our altitude was and told FL227. center then cleared us to FL230. the Captain should have set his altimeter correctly and checked the copilot'S altimeter for agreement. the copilot did not notice the altitude deviation on his altimeter until we were 700 feet high and the Flight Engineer should have checked that the 2 altimeters were set and that they agreed. the main factor contributing to this incident was fatigue. this was a night freight flight and although the crew had been on duty for only 2 hours they were into their 18TH hour of the day with another 5 hours to go until the next rest period,Duty Cycle;Physical Factors;Proficiency
719207,TOOK off for ZZZ1 with weather at ZZZ1; but plenty of alternate fuel and dual alternates. arrived at ZZZ1 with major storm over the field; but aircraft landing so we went in sequence. aircraft ahead of us went around for heavy turbulence on final and visibility. runway x instead of runway Y due to runway Y being closed. higher approach minimums also on runway x due to lighting out. dispatch changed alternate to ZZZ2 due to ZZZ3 being unusable due to front passage. flight clear of weather was smooth and 20+ visibility. first approach went around for heavy turbulence but runway in sight. took vectors for next approach waiting for weather to clear runway. next approach turbulence was present; but reduced but could not see runway due to lower visibility and high minimums. diverted to ZZZ2 with greater than divert fuel. on cruise to ZZZ2; dispatch told us last 3 aircraft at ZZZ2 went missed due to WINDSHEARS on final. dispatch searched for a suitable alternate and gave us ZZZ4. we declared an emergency and climbed and were given priority to ZZZ4 and shut down at the gate with 3230 pounds of fuel. I do not have a suggestion to fix this,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
719782,TOOK off ZZZ runway 28R. departure cleared us direct ZZZ1. a yellow message flickered on for 2 seconds. we were not sure what message. it was above 10000 feet. message flickered again and we noticed it was toilet smoke. crew followed Quick Reference Handbook and there was no sign of actual smoke or fire. called dispatch and maintenance. we agreed to divert to ZZZ2 to comply with the Quick Reference Handbook. at the time we were 42 mile NE of ZZZ2. notified center of our intentions to divert and also declared an emergency. First Officer call ZZZ2 operations and told them our intentions. flight attendant and passenger were notified. landed in ZZZ2. weather was Visual Flight Rules. landed uneventfully. emergency vehicles followed us to the gate. after completing the parking checklist; the emergency personnel entered the cabin and confirmed no actual fire or smoke in toilet or anywhere inside the airplane. maintenance checked and deferred the system. took off from ZZZ2 to continue our flight to ZZZ3. flight was uneventful,Resource Deficiency
723116,MISSED altitude restrict at pom on the pom 7 departure; GMN transition; at ONT. first time at ONT airport. the restrict; 'pom maximum 7000 feet' is found on the Standard Instrument Departure PT page of commercial charts. new Captain; hardly ever fly to the west coast. there is still a learning period utilizing commercial charts. these charts are not available for your review on layovers. in the future I will take more time reviewing the Standard Instrument Departure and Standard Instrument Departure PT for commercial charts. I also think a formal ground school training program should be made available for commercial charts.supplemental information from ACN 723331: missed 7000 feet altitude restriction over pom while climbing out on pom 7 departure from ONT. SOCAL called us at about 10000 feet to let us know we missed the restriction; however they did not have a problem with us. we were concentrating on making a 14000 feet minimum altitude and never caught the pom 7000 feet restriction. we had left approximately 8 hours prior. this included a four hour flight and a three hour ground time to an airport neither pilot had been to in at least five years. commercial charts were used and we found them very confusing as ONT charts are packed with too much information. the restriction is embedded in the verbiage in such a way as to make you think it DOESN't apply. the restriction should be listed in the altitude block with the transition as it is in oak. also on the plan view (Missed Approach Point) the restriction sits out by itself abeam pom. after the incident we reviewed the charts and still found them to be almost unusable,Familiarity;Other;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
724077,ENTERED traffic pattern to LKP on left downwind runway 32. wind at 1500 feet above ground level was 55 Knots from SW. flap setting was 40 degree on final (full flaps) due to terrain and runway length. I elected to stay about 10-15 Knots fast on final due to wind gusts. landed about 1/2 way down runway (ample room remaining). used reverse and maximum braking at start of landing. landing was made on CTRLINE and slid on ice to left side of runway. stopped braking due to sliding and recovered to CTRLINE and continued braking. again veered to left side of runway 32 and came to stop on left side of runway facing left of runway heading. tried to back up using reverse power but aircraft would not move. shut down engine; went outside and noticed right main tire blown. called for ground assistance and was towed off runway,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency
724861,ACFT was cleared to push normal start; etc; but it became readily apparent that our tug driver had no clue as to moving the jet where he wanted it. after about 7 minutes of stop/start; jerk; much hesitation; a few 'where is he taking us;' very little communication from the driver; I'D had enough. my First Officer told me that the tug was now 90 degree out his right window. as I'Mach Number getting on intercom to yank this guy; crew chief; comes by on a tug; sees our predicament; and jumps off; yanks our driver off the tug; and then completes a normal; flawless PUSHBACK. he told me that our original driver was about to push into a B757 that was parked at the innermost alley gate,Communication Environment;Proficiency
727585,WE did our normal PREFLIGHT checks in preparation for the flight. after doing his walk-around the First Officer took his seat on the flight deck. he completed his normal PREFLIGHT routines as I was finishing up mine. shortly thereafter; he looked over to me and asked if I smelled something like sulfur burning. at first I did not; but about two seconds later I picked up the same smell and told him about it. we looked around to see if we could detect where the smell was coming from. a couple of seconds later we noticed smoke emanating from the First Officer side console below the window frame. from my angle I was then able to see a small flame that was the cause of the smoke. I asked the First Officer to evacuate the flight deck area so I could put out the small fire causing the smoke. I grabbed the fire extinguisher in the flight deck and discharged the halon onto the small fire. this action put out the fire and the resulting smoke. I immediately called maintenance; but could not get a hold of them. I then called our dispatcher and relayed the appropriate information. she then put me in contact with maintenance control and they dispatched mechanics to the airplane. upon their inspection they noticed that one of the flood lights on the First Officer side panel had shorted out and caused the outer protective guard to catch on fire. this was the cause of the smoke and the flame that I saw in that area. I contacted the dispatch supervisor and provided him with all of the pertinent information. I also informed the gate of our situation and made the notification to the director of safety concerning the incident. the mechanics were able to positively identify the source of the fire so they were able to properly address the situation. they performed their necessary procedures; deferred the flood lights; and the airplane was determined to be airworthy. I contacted our dispatcher; added the Minimum Equipment List to the release; and we proceeded without incident. I do not have any specific suggestions for preventing this from happening again. however; I would like to bring up two points that were brought to my attention because of this incident. first; we are taught over and over in training the acronym pass in extinguishing fires meaning pull the pin; Aeronautical Information Manual; squeeze; and sweep. on this particular model of fire extinguisher there was no pin to pull. knowing the acronym I looked for a pin to pull but had to figure out how to use this particular extinguisher on my own. it would be nice to be trained on the particular models that we have on board the airplane. secondly; when I looked at the instructions for the fire extinguisher; they were primarily in a foreign language. the english translation was actually below the foreign instructions and not clearly identifiable. should this fire have been more significant; valuable time may have been wasted trying to properly use the extinguisher because it was different than what we were trained on and the main instructions were in a foreign language,Communication Environment;Familiarity;Resource Deficiency
728367,THIS was a troubling incident that I feel requires action on Air Traffic Control procedures. we were on a downwind vector for runway 7R at ANC. another aircraft was on a distant dogleg final for runway 7R. Air Traffic Control cleared us for the visual approach from our downwind heading and told us that the other aircraft had us in sight and would follow us. this is all at night with no moon (but clear skies). upon clearance for the visual; the Captain (in my aircraft) extended his downwind leg another mile or two before turning OPS Base Operations Office. the Captain was also flying a conservative approach and was at 180 Knots Indicated Airspeed now 8 Nautical Mile from the field. before turning OPS Base Operations Office; the other aircraft was about 6 Nautical Mile away. after turning OPS Base Operations Office; the other aircraft was about 2.5 Nautical Mile away and all looked good. we then got a Traffic Advisory (surprisingly not an Resolution Advisory) and noticed the other aircraft off our left wing about 1000 feet. we turned away from them and then noticed his Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System return rapidly drop back to 2 Nautical Mile (he must have done an aggressive maneuver). everyone landed uneventfully. the point I want to bring out in this is that at night; one cannot determine one'S distance or closure to another aircraft nor the heading of another aircraft. the crew that said they would follow us had nothing but a few airplane lights to follow and he had no idea of the closure until too late. this could have been an Near Midair Collision on a clear night. I would suggest that Air Traffic Control not be allowed to issue follow another aircraft CLRNCS at night unless their headings are nearly aligned with the runway and the AIRSPD of the lead aircraft is given to the trailing aircraft as an advisory,Other;Physical Environment
729376,OUR flight out of ord was delayed until XA00 due to inbound aircraft. weather was 'mile with' BLSN winds out of the SW. we DE-iced at the gate and taxied to runway 32R full length. the only thing that was different was delaying the CONFIGN due to possible ice on the TXWYS. I DIDN't feel rushed in any way. takeoff was normal to the point of rotation. at VFR Military Training Routes the aircraft appeared to start the rotation normally but shortly after NOSEWHEEL lift-off the rotation rate increased. both pilots felt what seemed like a thump associated with cargo shifting. my first reaction was to check the ENGS (operating normally) and then I looked at the trim and yoke position (both appeared normal). we completed the after takeoff checklist after analyzing the aircraft and talking to the flight attendant. flight attendant indicated to the Captain that they felt a loud thump in the floor of the aft cabin. normal CLBOUT followed. I continued to check the ENGS and pressurization while we discussed the 'anomaly.' we discussed cargo shift and tail strike. the Captain indicated the aircraft really wanted to pitch up during rotation at about the time we heard the thump and he thought cargo shifted. he did not think that he had a tail strike. we continued on the presumption of a cargo shift and monitored the pressurization and trim settings. the landing was uneventful. upon parking we checked the tail and discovered a longitude skid and possible crack. baggage handlers noted that all of the bags were aft by the door and the restraint was broken. maintenance was notified. the Captain then called flight duty manager. of note: 1) neither Captain or First Officer have ever experienced a tail strike for comparison. 2) the flight attendant DIDN't give us accurate information until after the flight had landed. they had assumed that since I said the aircraft was ok up front that everything was ok. I debriefed them on needing all of the information in a timely manner. once on the ground I was told that it WASN't just a thump in the floor; it was the whole tail shaking. 3) I; the Pilot Not Flying could not make an assessment as to the feel of the aircraft at rotation or the exact point of the thump,Familiarity;Pressure;Resource Deficiency
730362,CONDUCTING PREFLT inspection. SUMPED 4 drains on left wing without incident. SUMPED 1 drain on right wing without incident. upon draining 5TH sump location; drain 'stuck' open. I could not get drain to shut off. tank contained approximately 600 pounds of JETA. attempted to mitigate fuel loss and environmental impact with buckets and absorbent materials. discussed operation of drain with mechanic post incident and now have a better working knowledge of the drain plug operation. carry phillips head screwdriver to fix next time,Resource Deficiency
734352,CRUISE flight Visual Meteorological Conditions when Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System indicated left engine oil filter amber caution. followed flight manual procedure; shut down left engine; declared emergency and landed uneventfully at ZZZ,Resource Deficiency
735255,WHEN we arrived at the aircraft; it was snowing heavily. it was dark and visibility was very poor. I asked a ramp worker; whom I encountered in the JETWAY; if they were going to deice the area around the engine inlets before we taxied to the deice pad. it was clear from his expression that my question was completely unexpected. he said they have never done that and were in fact prohibited from doing any deicing at the gate. all deicing has always been done in the deice pad. we had a lot to think about. there was a 23 Knot crosswind and the braking action was being RPTED as poor. poor braking limits us to a 20 Knot maximum crosswind. after speaking with flight control it was decided that we should wait until XA:00. by then the wind was expected to shift westerly allowing us to takeoff. we then discovered that the mu readings were 30/35/20. an mu reading of 20 equates to nil braking. I was surprised to learn that the tower can call the braking poor by vehicle when the vehicle readings were actually fair; poor and nil. we insisted the runway be plowed again and braking action be RECHKED. eventually; we pushed back and started the left engine. after the engine stabilized at idle; we turned on the engine anti ice. a few seconds later the engine momentarily rolled back 2% N2 and recovered. when I advanced the throttle to close the surge valve the engine again momentarily rolled back 2% N2. these rollbacks were very brief and the engine remained smooth. I suspected that the engine swallowed a slug of water as snow melted. we taxied to the deice pad. at the pad we saw several aircraft with snow in their intakes. deice at SYR is performed with the ENGS not operating. the intakes are cleaned as part of the deice process at the pad. one RJ on the pad experienced an Auxiliary Power Unit FLAMEOUT when the deice crew blew a chunk of snow off their tail and into the Auxiliary Power Unit inlet,Physical Environment;Resource Deficiency;Unexpected
736205,DH8C was sent around after an approach to runway 35 due to a safety alert issued by the amass concerning that aircraft and another one landing runway 27R. alert was predicated that 2 aircraft landing on converging runways would be in conflict. collision was not imminent. in fact; the DH8C could have landed legally; as the arrival for runway 27R was through the intersection before the DH8C was across the landing threshold for runway 35. this alert caused me to send the DH8C around at very short notice; possibly creating a SITUATIONAL distraction from other pressing duties at the time. in retrospect; the go around was not needed; but created by an alert tolerance setting within the amass system,Preoccupation
737071,I was doing my first solo out to the practice area n of the airport. I was doing some ground reference maneuvers and noticed that the Global Positioning System and navigate lights were on. I thought that was strange and then noticed the ANNUNCIATOR flash low fuel. I knew there were full tanks because I checked them during PREFLT. I immediately started looking for an emergency landing site and suddenly noticed flames and smoke coming from the radio stack in the gap between the radios and Automatic Direction Finder. the transponder was still on; so I tried to squawk 7600 but when I tried; the transponder failed too. I turned the avionics master off. I was going to land at a non-controled airport before I realized I had my cell phone in my bag. I called my flight instructor who I had just dropped off before going to solo and told her I had no communication; so she called the tower for me and called back to say I could come in to land and to look for light signals. on approach; I noticed the light signals and a fire truck near the runway. at this point; I realized all the electrical was out because the electric flaps WEREN't working either. I landed and taxied back to the parking area,Communication Environment;Pressure;Resource Deficiency
737868,ONE BSCU channel was on Minimum Equipment List. when extending the gear for landing the second channel faulted with associated warnings. mechanic told us afterward at the gate that the aircraft had ten of these boxes BSCU in the past few months. aircraft warnings declared emergency; contacted operations and maintenance control; followed procedures; landed without event. find out why this aircraft is having so many problems with the BSCU units. callback conversation with RPTR revealed the following information: RPTR stated that nose steering was not available after the brake steering control unit (BSCU) remaining channel two had faulted with associated warnings coming up. the BSCU channel one was previously deferred per Minimum Equipment List. no other problems until he extended the landing gear and then the channel two failed. reporter also stated they did a go-around to verify aircraft'S status after declaring an emergency. the steering loss and the warnings were the same as when the NOSEWHEEL steering switch is moved to the off position. the green system pressure was good. some of the previous BSCU write-ups had been for the channel one faults,Resource Deficiency
745836,THE local control #2 position and local control #3 position at las (las vegas tower) are being combined due to lack of staffing. the LC2 position controls aircraft landing the n S runways (runway 19L/right). the LC3 position controls the class B airspace assigned to the tower at las. the LC2 and LC3 position being combined contributed to a recent Operational Error where a citation was crossing the runway while an air carrier was departing the same runway. the 2 position are inherently different and should not be combined. the LC2 position is responsible for the runways (19L/right). the LC3 position is responsible for the airspace. the scans required for each position detract from one another. the controller working LC2 primary scan should be the runways; while the controller working LC3 has a primary scan on the radar scope and the B airspace. combining these 2 position is dangerous and has already contributed; at least in part; to 1 Operational Error. the ability to combine like position at las tower is available and should be utilized,Preoccupation;Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
747245,ON touchdown on runway 7 at AVN; with left main gear drag link disconnected; was unable to maintain directional control. could not keep the airplane on the runway. exited the left side of the runway onto the grass. once onto the grass I was better able to control the airplane; but still extremely difficult because the left main gear was CASTERING. airplane came to a stop without impacting any obstacles or injury to passenger,Resource Deficiency
749371,ON descent into ord the First Officer picked up the Automatic Terminal Information Service which advised of approaches being conducted to the west runways. the Flight Management System was programmed and I briefed the runway 28 Instrument Landing System. approximately 25 Nautical Mile from the airport we were told to turn right to intercept the runway 4R localizer; maintain 8000 feet until degan; cleared Instrument Landing System runway 4R. we were unprepared for an immediate approach; but did our best getting the approach set up. what we DIDN't know was the Glideslope is below 8000 feet Mean Sea Level over degan. so; as we are trained; I armed the approach mode on the FGP as soon as the approach clearance was given and the frequency tuned. since we were given this runway change on such short notice I let the autopilot fly while the First Officer and I reviewed the approach and ran the CHKLISTS. I looked up just as the Auto-Pilot captured the Glideslope and started a descent from 8000 feet. I noticed that we were about 2 miles short of degan and turned the Auto-Pilot off and returned to 8000 feet. thankfully; we only descended about 150 feet below the assigned altitude before returning. I believe that approach controllers should either warn crews about intercept altitudes verbally or on the approach plate in this type of scenario. I don't believe that we caused any conflict; but we might not be so lucky next time,Unexpected
752131,WE were just getting ready to level off at 11000 feet; it was a smooth ride; and I had just turned off the seat belt sign. our Flight Attendant had already begun service at that point. a few seconds later; we were hit by wake turbulence. there was no aircraft visible nearby; there was none displayed on Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System; nor were we alerted to any wake by Air Traffic Control. we can only assume that the wake had lingered there for quite some time after an aircraft had passed longitude before. the aircraft rocked rapidly once to the left; then the right; then it was smooth from that point on for the rest of the flight. immediately after the encounter; we called our Flight Attendant on the INTERPHONE; and he said that he had hit his head; but felt fine. we continued the flight normally to landing in san; and the Flight Attendant was able to continue all of his normal duties. once we got on the ground; our Flight Attendant informed us that his head had steadily begun hurting worse since the initial event; and that he felt he should get some medical attention in order to ensure there were no serious injuries. we agreed; and notified all concerned parties that he would be removed from the return flight. this was just bad luck; wrong place/wrong time. we always strive to avoid known wake turbulence; but sometimes wake can strike without warning,Physical Environment;Physical Factors
756607,DUE to taxiway and runway closures at the time of my departure; the instructions were a bit complicated. I did write them down and followed my instructions to taxi to runway 24 center. after turning on taxiway zulu; I proceeded to taxi up to runway 24 center; inadvertently crossing the hold short line for runway 24L. runway 24L was closed; and there were no markings or signs that indicated that the hold point for runway 24C was the same as runway 24L. CLE ground control never issued a hold short clearance that indicated I was to hold short of runway 24L at any point. after departure; I asked the tower controller if I had erred and he stated yes; and also stated that they had been having numerous problems at that particular intersection due to poor markings. there was no conflict with another aircraft at any time. it seems to me that the intersection in question at CLE; at the intersection of runway 24L; taxiway zulu; and runway 24C; is poorly marked and does not indicate what is expected of the pilot. concurrently; there were no instructions to hold short of runway 24L at any time during the taxi. it was only after taxiing past the hold line and crossing runway 24L that the mistake became apparent to me. a more specific taxi instruction would be helpful; even if it is to hold short of an inactive runway. as for my part; I will continue to be diligent and exercise extreme care when crossing runways; closed or otherwise,Proficiency;Resource Deficiency
761297,I was on a flight to brookings; SD (BKX). the flight had lasted 2.5 hours on the TACH. we landed in brookings. I was traveling with my wife; who is also a private pilot; but she has less experience than I (approximately 1/2 the flight hours.) since I was not expecting weather to be an issue; I did a DUATS briefing. there were no NOTAMS about lighting troubles on the brookings airport. the flight was uneventful. it was dark when we arrived at brookings. the Automated Surface Observation System reported winds were 070 degree at 05 Knots; temperature was above freezing (+3C) and dew point below freezing (-3C I believe). there was no moon that night. we landed on runway 12 and chose to continue taxiing on the runway towards the terminal area since it was so dark. we turned off on TAXIWAY A2 which leads directly to the passenger terminal area which is fairly well lit. there are blue lights along this portion of the TAXIWAY. we crossed the parallel TAXIWAY; which is also lit by blue lights. I turned off my strobe lights once I cleared the runway as I was taught to do. the next portion of this TAXIWAY is not lined with blue lights; but continues straight to the main ramp area and towards the part 121 terminal building which was brightly lit. I continued taxiing and turned right towards the General Aviation ramp; since I thought I had reached the main ramp. the right wheel made a slight bump as I came off the TAXIWAY since the TAXIWAY and grass are fairly level there. it took a moment to realize I was off the TAXIWAY from the uneven ground and the right wing impacted the sign as I was starting to apply brakes. my wife opened the door and saw the damage to the wing. we grabbed our coats from the back seat and got out; since we DIDN't know if fuel was leaking. neither of us were injured in any way. I am fairly comfortable flying at night; having completed at least half of my instrument training at night; and I took my instrument check ride at night. before this flight I have 36 hours of night flying. I had completed 3 solo landings to a full stop 30 days ago; with this flight as my first night flight since then. looking back at it; the ramp is very wide; 250+ feet. it would have been easy to continue taxiing forward towards more light before turning right towards the General Aviation area. taxiing towards the bright lights probably deteriorated my night vision. a contributing factor is that the back of the runway sign was blacked out; making it impossible to see when taxiing towards the ramp. I spoke with the airport manager the next morning; and he said there have been similar accidents recently. he wished that he could either put reflective tape or a lighted terminal sign on the back side; but that he had been told that was against Federal Aviation Administration regulations,Physical Environment
